Narrator: rick tries not to say wubba lubba dub sub
Narrator: Prompt By: wuigi gaming
Rick: Morty, get your sorry ass over here!
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick, what's the problem now?
Rick: Problem? Morty, I've stumbled upon something incredible. It's a device that can create portals to different dimensions!
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Whoa, Rick, that sounds amazing! But, uh, isn't that dangerous?
Rick: Dangerous? Morty, danger is my middle name. Actually, it's Sanchez, but you get the point. This device is perfectly safe...ish.
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Alright, Rick, what do we do with it?
Rick: Well, Morty, we can use it to explore other dimensions, meet new beings, and maybe even find some cool gadgets along the way.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: That sounds cool, Rick! But, uh, what if we get stuck in one of those dimensions?
Rick: Morty, stop worrying! I've built a fail-safe mechanism that will always bring us back to our dimension. We'll never get stuck...probably.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Okay, Rick, let's give it a shot. But if anything goes wrong, I'm blaming you.
Rick: Fine, Morty. Just remember, adventure awaits us! Now, let's fire up this portal device!
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Yard]
Rick: Frick, Morty, we made it to the Yard!
Morty: Holy crap, Rick! We're actually in a different dimension!
Rick: That's right, Morty. Now let's see what kind of trouble we can find here.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to ShreksSwamp]
Rick: Shoot, Morty, we're in Shrek's Swamp!
Morty: Oh man, this place smells like onions. And who's that green guy over there?
Rick: That's Shrek, Morty. He's an ogre, just like in those fairy tales. Let's go say hi.
[Rick and Morty approach Shrek]
Rick: Hey Shrek, mind if we hang out in your swamp for a bit?
Shrek: Get outta my swamp, you frickin' idiots!
Rick: Alright, alright, no need to get all ogre about it. Let's go, Morty.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to Starwars Cantina]
Rick: Crap, Morty, we're in the Star Wars Cantina!
Morty: Whoa, look at all these weird aliens. And is that Yoda over there?
Rick: That's right, Morty. Yoda, the wise little green dude. Let's see if he can give us some advice.
[Rick and Morty approach Yoda]
Rick: Hey Yoda, got any interdimensional wisdom for us?
Yoda: Wisdom I have, but not for you two idiots. Begone, you must!
Rick: Fine, fine, no need to be so grumpy. Let's get outta here, Morty.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Rick: Back in the Garage, Morty. That was one heck of an adventure.
Morty: Yeah, Rick, it was crazy. But you know what? I'm kinda glad to be back home.
Rick: Home is where the portal device is, Morty. We'll always have more adventures waiting for us.
Morty: I know, Rick. But for now, let's just relax and watch some TV.
Rick: Fine, Morty. But remember, the universe is our playground. Let's not forget that.
Morty: Yeah, yeah, I got it, Rick. But can we at least have some popcorn while we watch TV?
Rick: Sure, Morty. Popcorn it is. Just don't burn it like last time.
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. That was one time! Give me a break.