Narrator: they smoke weed with yoda
Narrator: Prompt By: Streaming Until
Rick: Morty, grab the portal gun. We're going on a little adventure!
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. Where are we going this time?
Rick: We're going to a galaxy far, far away, Morty. We're going to the Star Wars universe!
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Are you serious, Rick? We're going to hang out with Jedi and Sith?
Rick: That's right, Morty. And maybe even smoke a little something with Yoda.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Smoke with Yoda? Frick, Rick! That's insane!
Rick: Hey, Morty, Yoda's been around for centuries. I'm sure he knows how to have a good time.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Alright, Rick. Let's do it. I'm ready to get high in a galaxy far, far away.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to Starwars Cantina]
Rick: Welcome to the Star Wars Cantina, Morty. This is where all the intergalactic scum and villainy hang out.
Morty: Whoa, this place is crazy, Rick. Look at all the weird aliens!
Rick: Yeah, Morty. And over there, I see Yoda. Let's go say hi.
[Morty walks to Yoda]
Morty: Uh, hi, Yoda. We, uh, heard you know how to have a good time.
Yoda: Smoke, you want? High, we shall get.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Shoot, Rick. Yoda's offering us some space weed. Should we do it?
Rick: Morty, it's like they say, when in the Star Wars universe, do as the Jedi do. Let's light it up!
[Morty walks to Yoda]
Morty: Alright, Yoda. Let's do this.
[Rick, Morty, and Yoda smoke weed together]
Rick: Ahh, this is some good stuff, Morty. I'm feeling the Force, Morty!
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. I feel like I'm floating through space.
Yoda: High, you are. Wise, you shall become.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Whoa, this is intense, Rick. I can see the whole universe in front of me.
Rick: That's the beauty of interdimensional weed, Morty. It opens up your mind to new possibilities.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: You know, Rick, I never thought I'd be getting high with Yoda in the Star Wars universe. Life is weird, man.
Rick: Life is weird, Morty. But that's what makes it interesting. Now, let's go find some Ewoks and see if they're into some intergalactic partying.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Alright, Rick. Let's go on an Ewok adventure!
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Yard]
Rick: Crap, Morty. We're back in our dimension. That was one wild trip.
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. I can't believe we got high with Yoda. That's gonna be a story to tell.
Rick: It sure is, Morty. Now let's go grab some snacks and enjoy the rest of our interdimensional day.
Morty: Yeah, Rick. Let's just hope we don't run into any Sith lords on the way.
Rick: Don't worry, Morty. I've got a lightsaber hidden in the garage, just in case.
Morty: Frick, Rick. You think of everything!