Narrator: Rick and Morty got to Femboy hooters and get high
Narrator: Prompt By: EvelynRoseBlue
Rick: Morty, get over here! I've found something interesting.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick, what is it now?
Rick: Look at this, Morty. It's a coupon for Femboy Hooters. 
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Uh, Rick, isn't that just a regular Hooters but with, uh, guys?
Rick: Exactly, Morty! It's a new dimension of dining experience! 
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: That sounds weird, Rick. Are we really going there?
Rick: Of course, Morty! It's a great place to, uh, relax.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. I don't know about this...
Rick: Relax, Morty. It's just a restaurant. And besides, I've got something to make the experience more...interesting.
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Rick: This, Morty, is interdimensional weed. It'll make Femboy Hooters a trip to remember.
Morty: Uh, are you sure about this, Rick? I mean, isn't that stuff illegal?
Rick: Not in this dimension, Morty. Now come on, let's go have some fun.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Yard]
Rick: Let's light up here, Morty. Your dad's too square to handle this.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. I hope we don't get caught.
Rick: Relax, Morty. We'll be fine. Just take a hit and let's go.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to Femboy Hooters]
Rick: Welcome to Femboy Hooters, Morty. Let's get some wings and enjoy the show.
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. This is so weird...
Rick: Lighten up, Morty. Wubba lubba dub dub!
Morty: I don't know, Rick. This feels wrong.
Rick: It's all part of the adventure, Morty. Now let's order some food.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Uh, can I get the boneless wings?
Rick: And I'll have the cosmic calamari. And another round of interdimensional weed, please.
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. I hope we don't get too high...
Rick: Don't worry, Morty. It's all part of the fun. Now let's eat!
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Rick: That was fun, wasn't it, Morty?
Morty: I guess so, Rick. But next time, can we just go to a normal restaurant?
Rick: Oh Morty, you're so predictable. But sure, next time we'll go somewhere more... conventional.
Morty: Thanks, Rick. I appreciate it.
Rick: No problem, Morty. Now let's get some rest. We've had a long day.
