Narrator: Rick and Morty can hear the narrator and has a conversation with him about narrating the show.
Narrator: Prompt By: ColaGames
Rick: Morty, do you ever get the feeling like we're being watched?
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Uh, well yeah Rick. We're on a TV show.

Rick: No, Morty. I mean, like, someone is watching and describing everything we do.

Narrator: Rick looks at Morty with a puzzled expression.

Rick: See! There it is again! Who the frick is that?

Morty: Oh, that's just the Narrator, Rick.

Rick: Narrator? What the heck is a Narrator doing in our show?

Narrator: Rick appears to be confused by the concept of a Narrator.

Rick: Stop that! Stop describing what I'm doing!

Narrator: Rick seems to be getting agitated.

Rick: That's it! I've had enough of this crap. Let's go somewhere else, Morty.

[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Yard]

Jerry: Hey, guys. What brings you here?

Rick: We're trying to escape the damn Narrator, Jerry.

Jerry: Narrator? What are you talking about, Rick?

Narrator: Rick and Morty attempt to explain the concept of a Narrator to Jerry.

Rick: There it is again! You heard it this time, right?

Jerry: Uh, no. I didn't hear anything.

Morty: Shoot, I think the Narrator only exists in our heads, Rick.

Rick: Well, that's just perfect. We've got a mind-reading Narrator. Just what we needed.

Narrator: Rick expresses his frustration sarcastically.

Rick: Shut up, Narrator!

Narrator: Rick seems to be...

Rick: I said shut up!

Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. Maybe we should just ignore it.

Rick: Ignore it? Ignore it?! Morty, this is an invasion of privacy! We need to do something about this.

Narrator: Rick is determined to...

Rick: I swear to God, Narrator, if you don't stop...

[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]

Rick: Let's see if this Narrator can follow us here.

Narrator: Rick and Morty return to the Garage, hoping to escape the persistent Narrator.

Rick: Damn it! It followed us here too.

Morty: Maybe we should just accept it, Rick. It's not like it's hurting us or anything.

Rick: Morty, we can't just let this thing narrate our lives. It's... it's... it's not right.

Narrator: Rick continues to protest against the Narrator, despite Morty's attempts to calm him down.

Rick: Wubba lubba dub dub!

Narrator: Rick utters his famous catchphrase in frustration.

Rick: That's it! I'm done. I'm going to bed.

Narrator: Rick storms off to bed, leaving Morty alone in the Garage.

Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. I guess I'll see you in the morning then.

Narrator: Morty is left alone, unsure of what to do next.

Morty: Uh, goodnight, Narrator?

Narrator: Morty says goodnight, indicating the end of another day in the lives of Rick and Morty.