Narrator: Rick and Morty join the writer's strike until Code Bullet meets their compensation demands.
Narrator: Prompt By: Kahuna Pat
Rick: Morty, get your lazy butt over here! We're going on strike!

[Morty walks to Rick]

Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. What are we striking about this time?

Rick: It's the writer's strike, Morty. We're demanding fair compensation for our adventures!

[Morty walks to Center Stage]

Morty: Writer's strike? But we're not even real, Rick! We're just fictional characters!

Rick: Fictional characters with rights, Morty! We deserve better treatment and compensation for our interdimensional exploits!

[Morty walks to Workbench]

Morty: I don't know, Rick. Is this really worth it? Can't we just keep going on adventures?

Rick: Morty, it's time to take a stand! We're not going back until Code Bullet meets our demands!

[Morty walks to Rick]

Morty: Code Bullet? Who's that?

Rick: He's the creator of our simulation, Morty. He controls our fate, and it's time we show him we mean business!

[Morty walks to Center Stage]

Morty: Alright, Rick. Let's do it. Let's go on strike and make sure we get the compensation we deserve!

[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Yard]

Rick: Frick, Morty! We're on strike and we're not backing down!

Morty: Shoot, Rick! We're gonna show Code Bullet that we're not just characters to be used and tossed aside!

[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]

Rick: Crap, Morty! This strike is gonna make waves in the multiverse!

Morty: Yeah, Rick! We're gonna make sure every dimension knows that Rick and Morty demand fair treatment!

Rick: Wubba lubba dub dub, Morty! We're gonna shake up the entire simulation!

Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. I hope this works. I hope Code Bullet listens to us.

Rick: Trust me, Morty. When Rick and Morty go on strike, the whole universe pays attention!

Morty: Uh, uh, okay, Rick. Let's do this. Let's fight for our rights!

Rick: That's the spirit, Morty! We're gonna make Code Bullet regret underestimating us!

Morty: Yeah, Rick! We're gonna show him what we're made of!

Rick: And if he doesn't meet our demands, Morty, we'll take this strike to every dimension!

Morty: You got it, Rick! We won't stop until we get what we deserve!

Rick: That's the spirit, Morty. Let's show Code Bullet what happens when he messes with Rick and Morty!

Morty: Yeah, Rick! Let's do this!

[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Yard]

Rick: Alright, Morty. Time to rally the troops. Let's gather all the characters from different dimensions and show Code Bullet the power of unity!

Morty: Uh, uh, okay, Rick. Let's go!

[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Simpsons House]

Rick: Homer, Marge, Bart! We need your help! We're on strike!

Homer: D'oh! A strike? Count me in! No one messes with the Simpsons!

Marge: Oh, Rick and Morty, we'll stand by your side. We believe in fair compensation!

Bart: Cool, man! Let's show Code Bullet that we can't be pushed around!

[Rick and Morty enter the portal to Shreks Swamp]

Rick: Shrek, Donkey! We need your support! We're fighting for our rights!

Shrek: Don't worry, lads. I'm an ogre who knows a thing or two about standing up for what's right!

Donkey: Yeah, baby! We'll kick some butt and demand fair treatment!

[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Star Wars Cantina]

Rick: Yoda, Jar Jar Binks! We need your wisdom and strength! We're on strike!

Yoda: Wise, this strike is. Stand with you, I will!

Jar Jar Binks: Meesa ready to fight for fair compensation! No more being taken advantage of!

[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Back Alley]

Rick: Alright, Morty. This is it. The final dimension. It's time to make our demands heard!

Morty: Uh, uh, okay, Rick. Let's do this!

[Rick and Morty stand in the Back Alley, ready to fight for their rights]

Narrator: And so, Rick and Morty, joined by characters from different dimensions, stood united in their strike against Code Bullet. They were determined to fight for fair compensation and show that fictional characters deserve respect. Will their strike be successful? Only time will tell. But one thing's for sure, Rick and Morty were not backing down.