Narrator: butt plugs
Narrator: Prompt By: Quinnobi 42
Rick: Morty, get over here, we've got work to do!
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Uh, Rick, what's going on now?
Rick: I've found something interesting, Morty. Something that could change everything.
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. What is it this time?
Rick: This, Morty, is an interdimensional butt plug.
Morty: A what?! Rick, that's gross!
Rick: Not just any butt plug, Morty. This one can open portals.
Morty: Uh, Rick, I'm not sure I want to know how you found this out.
Rick: Don't be such a prude, Morty. This could be our ticket to new dimensions!
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Uh, Rick, wouldn't it be easier to just use the portal gun?
Rick: Morty, sometimes you have to think outside the box. Or in this case, outside the butt.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Aww crap, Rick. You're not suggesting we...
Rick: Relax, Morty! We're not using it on ourselves. We'll just throw it into the portal and follow it.
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Oh, well, I guess that's not so bad then.
Rick: That's the spirit, Morty! Let's do this.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the SimpsonsHouse]
Marge: Oh my, who are you two?
Rick: Just passing through, Marge. Don't mind us.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Uh, Rick, this is the Simpsons' house. Shouldn't we be careful not to mess anything up?
Rick: Morty, we're here to explore, not to tiptoe around. Let's see what this dimension has to offer!
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. I've got a bad feeling about this.
Rick: Wubba lubba dub dub, Morty! There's no time for fear. Onwards!
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Rick: Well, Morty, that was a successful test run. This butt plug portal opener could revolutionize our adventures!
Morty: Aww shoot, Rick. I can't believe I'm saying this, but I think I prefer the portal gun.
Rick: Ha! Classic Morty. Always resistant to change. But don't worry, I'll keep working on it.
Morty: Uh, thanks, Rick. I guess.
Rick: No problem, Morty. Now, let's get back to our regular scheduled programming. Wubba lubba dub dub!
