Narrator: Code bullet makes an appearance and thanks his fans for making this possible.
Narrator: Prompt By: Kaity Love
Rick: Morty, get over here! I've got something you need to see.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Uh, what is it, Rick?
Rick: I've just created a new device, Morty. It's called the Dimensional Television.
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Dimensional Television? What does that do, Rick?
Rick: It allows us to watch TV from any dimension, Morty. We can see what's on in the Simpsons' house, or even in Shrek's swamp.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: That sounds, uh, real interesting, Rick. Can we try it out?
Rick: Of course, Morty. Let's see what's on in the Simpsons' house.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to SimpsonsHouse]
Homer: Hey there, strangers. You're just in time for The Itchy & Scratchy Show.
Marge: Homer, don't be rude. Would you like some lemonade?
Rick: No thanks, Marge. We're just here to watch some TV.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Aww, jeez, Rick. This is kind of weird, isn't it?
Rick: It's only as weird as you make it, Morty.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Rick: Well, Morty, that was something, wasn't it?
Morty: Yeah, it was, uh, something alright.
Rick: Let's see what's on in Shrek's swamp.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to ShreksSwamp]
Shrek: Oi, what are you doing in me swamp?
Donkey: They're just here to watch some TV, Shrek.
Rick: That's right, Donkey. We're just here to watch some TV.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: This is, uh, really something, Rick.
Rick: It sure is, Morty. Wubba lubba dub dub!
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Rick: Well, Morty, was that enough TV for you?
Morty: Yeah, Rick. I think I've had enough TV for one day.
Rick: Good, Morty. Now let's get back to work on our interdimensional adventures.
Code Bullet: Hey there, everyone. I just wanted to take a moment to thank all of you for making this possible. You're the reason we can go on these crazy adventures. I hope you're enjoying the ride as much as we are.