Narrator: The Narrator is the only one who can speak
Narrator: Prompt By: Joe Sean A G
Narrator: Rick and Morty are in the garage, as usual. Rick is tinkering with something on his workbench, while Morty is pacing nervously.
[Rick walks to Morty]
Narrator: Rick, noticing Morty's unease, decides to engage him.
Rick: Morty, you look like you've seen a ghost. What's got you all worked up?
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Uh, Rick, it's just that I've been thinking about that quantum cheese thing. It's freaky, man. Like, re-re-really freaky.
Rick: Oh, Morty, you're such a worrywart. The quantum cheese is perfectly safe.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: But, Rick, what if it's not? What if we create a portal and some weird alien cheese monster comes out? 
Rick: Morty, that's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard. Now, why don't you hand me that wrench?
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick, I still think this is a bad idea.
Rick: Well, Morty, no one's asking for your opinion. Now, let's get this portal up and running.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to ShreksSwamp]
Narrator: Rick and Morty arrive at Shrek's swamp. Shrek and Donkey are there, looking startled by the sudden arrival of our heroes.
Shrek: What the frick are you doing in my swamp?
Rick: Relax, Shrek. We're just passing through. 
Morty: Yeah, uh, sorry for the intrusion.
Donkey: Well, you better not be here to steal any of our waffles.
Rick: Don't worry, Donkey. We're not interested in your waffles. We're here for something much more... cheesy.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick, we're not really going to give them the quantum cheese, are we?
Rick: Of course not, Morty. I just wanted to see their reaction. Now, let's head back home.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Narrator: Back in the safety of their garage, Rick and Morty take a moment to catch their breath.
Rick: Well, Morty, that was a fun little diversion. But now, back to work.
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. Can't we take a break? I could really use a nap.
Rick: A nap? Morty, there's no time for naps. We've got science to do! Wubba lubba dub dub!
Narrator: And so, Rick and Morty continue their adventures, pushing the boundaries of science and reality, one quantum cheese at a time.