Narrator: Rick and morty fight batman
Narrator: Prompt By: me
Rick: Hey, Morty. I've been thinking...
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick, what is it this time?
Rick: I've been wondering, Morty, who would win in a fight... us or Batman?
Morty: Batman? Are you serious, Rick? He's a superhero! We're just... us.
Rick: That's right, Morty, we're just us. But remember, I've got this handy portal gun.
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: So? What's that got to do with Batman?
Rick: Well, Morty, if we can't beat Batman in this dimension, we can always try in another one.
Morty: Aww crap, Rick. Are you saying we're going to fight Batman in another dimension?
Rick: That's exactly what I'm saying, Morty. Grab your gear. We're going to the Batcave.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to Back Alley]
Rick: Welcome to Gotham, Morty.
Morty: This is insane, Rick. We're going to get our butts kicked.
Rick: Don't be such a pessimist, Morty. We've got this.
Batman: Who are you and what are you doing in my city?
Rick: Oh shoot! It's Batman. Keep cool, Morty.
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. This was a bad idea.
Rick: Nonsense, Morty. We can take him. 
[Rick and Morty walk to Center Stage]
Morty: You're crazy, Rick. We're going to get killed.
Rick: Not if I can help it, Morty. Time to show Batman what we're made of.
Morty: I can't believe I'm saying this, but let's do it, Rick.
Rick: That's the spirit, Morty. Wubba lubba dub dub!
Narrator: As Rick and Morty square off against Batman, they realize they may have bitten off more than they can chew. But with the power of the portal gun and their unique brand of chaos, they just might stand a chance.
Rick: Alright, Batman. Let's see what you've got.
Batman: I'm always ready.
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. Here we go.
Rick: Don't worry, Morty. Remember, we've got the power of science on our side.
Morty: Yeah, science and a whole lot of luck.
Rick: Luck has nothing to do with it, Morty. Now, let's show Batman what a couple of crazy scientists can do.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Rick: Alright, Batman. Round two. Let's see how you like it in our dimension.
Morty: Aww frick, Rick. This is not going to end well.