Narrator: Morty gets posessed by Todd Howard who forces him to sell Skyrim. Rick tries to exorcise him.
Narrator: Prompt By: Whatsfdmlatefda
Rick: Morty, where the hell are you? I need you to help me fix this quantum carburetor!
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Uh, Rick, I've got something else on my mind right now...
Rick: What is it, Morty? You're not trying to sell me another copy of Skyrim, are you?
Morty: Well, uh, actually...
Rick: Oh for the love of... Not again, Morty! How many times do we have to go through this?
Morty: But Rick, it's the Special Edition! It's got all the DLC and...
Rick: Morty, I've got all the DLC in my brain! I don't need another copy!
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: But Rick, you don't understand. It's not me, it's... it's...
Rick: It's what, Morty? Spit it out!
Morty: It's Todd Howard, Rick! He's possessed me. He's making me sell Skyrim!
Rick: Oh, you've got to be fricking kidding me. Todd Howard? The Bethesda guy? 
Morty: Yes, Rick! He's inside me. He's making me do this.
Rick: Well, shoot, Morty. We've got to get him out of there.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Rick: Don't worry, Morty. I've got a sci-fi exorcism device right here on my workbench.
[Rick walks to Workbench]
Rick: This should do the trick.
[Rick walks to Morty]
Rick: Hold still, Morty. This might sting a bit.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Yard]
Rick: Alright, Morty. Time to get that Bethesda bug out of you.
[Rick walks to Morty]
Rick: Wubba lubba dub dub, Morty. Here goes nothing!
Narrator: Rick uses the sci-fi exorcism device on Morty.
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. That feels... better. 
Rick: That's what I like to hear, Morty. Now, no more selling Skyrim, okay?
Morty: Yeah, Rick. I've had enough of that game for a lifetime.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Rick: Good. Now let's get back to work on this quantum carburetor. 
Morty: Yeah, Rick. Let's do that. And thanks, Rick. For everything.
Rick: Don't mention it, Morty. That's what family's for. Now, where's that damn wrench?