Narrator: Rick steals Shrek's swamp
Narrator: Prompt By: Nicholas Brotherton
Rick: Morty, get over here! I've got a brilliant plan.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Oh man, Rick. What crazy scheme do you have now?
Rick: Hold onto your pants, Morty. We're going to steal Shrek's swamp.
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: What? Why would we do that, Rick? Shrek's just trying to live his life in peace.
Rick: Peace? Morty, that swamp is a goldmine of interdimensional resources. We can't let Shrek have all the fun.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: I don't know, Rick. It sounds like a bad idea. Shrek's a tough guy, and Donkey won't be happy if we mess with him.
Rick: Morty, when have I ever cared about a tough guy? Besides, Donkey's just a talking donkey. What's he gonna do?
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: I don't know, Rick. This feels wrong. We're supposed to be the good guys, not the swamp-stealing jerks.
Rick: Good guys? Morty, we're not heroes. We're anti-heroes. We do whatever the frick we want!
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Sometimes I wish we could just have a normal adventure, Rick. No stealing, no messing with innocent people.
Rick: Morty, normal is boring. We're not here to be normal. We're here to explore the depths of the multiverse and cause a little chaos along the way.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: I guess you're right, Rick. But can't we find another way to have fun without hurting others?
Rick: Morty, it's all about perspective. We're not hurting others, we're just shaking things up a bit. And if they can't handle it, tough crap.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: I don't know, Rick. I still feel guilty about this.
Rick: Guilty? Morty, guilt is for the weak. We're the masters of our own destiny, and if that means stealing a swamp, then so be it.
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: I just hope Shrek and Donkey don't come after us, Rick. They're not ones to mess with.
Rick: Morty, if they try to mess with us, we'll just portal away to another dimension. They won't be able to touch us.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: I guess you're right, Rick. Let's do this. Let's steal Shrek's swamp.
Rick: That's the spirit, Morty! Now grab your portal gun, and let's go make ourselves the rulers of Shrek's domain!
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to ShreksSwamp]
Rick: Alright, Morty. We're in Shrek's swamp. Let's start our takeover.
Morty: Shoot, Rick. This place is even greener than I imagined.
Rick: That's right, Morty. It's the perfect place for our new interdimensional hideout. Now, let's find Shrek and give him a little surprise.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Uh, Rick, I think I see Shrek over there. He's not gonna be happy about this.
Rick: Who cares, Morty? We're the ones in charge now. Shrek can't stop us.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: I don't know about this, Rick. We're trespassing and causing trouble for no reason.
Rick: Morty, it's all about the adventure. We're not here to make friends, we're here to have fun. Now, let's go introduce ourselves to Shrek.
[Rick and Morty approach Shrek]
Rick: Hey there, Shrek. Fancy seeing you in your own swamp.
Shrek: What the crap are you doing in my swamp? Get outta here before I kick your sorry butts!
Rick: Oh, Shrek. We're not here to cause trouble. We just wanted to spice things up a bit.
Morty: Yeah, Shrek. We thought you might enjoy a little company in your swamp.
Shrek: Company? I've got Donkey for that. I don't need you two weirdos messing with my peace and quiet.
Rick: Come on, Shrek. We can have some fun together. We'll bring the adventure to your doorstep.
Shrek: Adventure? I've had enough adventure for a lifetime. Now get out before I make you regret stepping foot in my swamp.
Rick: Fine, Shrek. We'll leave. But mark my words, we'll be back for more adventures.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Morty: Phew, that was close, Rick. I don't think Shrek liked us very much.
Rick: Aww, Morty. Who cares about Shrek? We've got an entire multiverse to explore. Let's leave the swamp drama behind and move on to the next dimension.
Morty: Yeah, you're right, Rick. Let's go on another crazy adventure. But maybe next time, let's not mess with someone's home.
Rick: Whatever you say, Morty. Adventure awaits us, and this time, we'll make sure it's a little less swampy.