Narrator: Rick & Morty hear the narrator
Narrator: Prompt By: Amarok
Rick: Morty, did you hear that?
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Yeah, Rick, I heard it too. It sounded like a narrator or something.
Rick: Well, frick, Morty, that's not something you hear every day. Let's investigate.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Yard]
Narrator: Rick and Morty, unaware of the mysterious voice, continue their journey in the yard.
Rick: Shoot, Morty, this is strange. Who's talking about us?
Morty: I don't know, Rick, but it's kinda creepy. Let's find out what's going on.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Rick: Alright, Morty, we're back in the garage. Let's see if we can figure out where that voice is coming from.
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Hey, Rick, maybe it's some kind of interdimensional prankster messing with us.
Rick: Crap, Morty, that's a possibility. But we won't know until we investigate further.
[Rick walks to Morty]
Rick: Morty, I'm going to analyze the audio frequency of the narrator's voice. Maybe I can track down its source.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Uh, Rick, do you think it's dangerous? Should we be worried?
Rick: Relax, Morty, it's just a voice. We've dealt with worse. But we need to find out who's behind it.
[Rick walks to Workbench]
Rick: Morty, hand me that interdimensional frequency analyzer. I need to calibrate it to pick up the narrator's voice.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Here you go, Rick. I hope this helps us figure out what the heck is going on.
Rick: Thanks, Morty. Now, let's see what we can find out.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Yard]
Narrator: Rick and Morty, determined to uncover the truth, search the yard for any signs of the mysterious narrator.
Rick: Alright, Morty, the analyzer is picking up some strange readings over there. Let's check it out.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Oh man, Rick, I'm getting a bad feeling about this. What if it's some kind of cosmic entity messing with us?
Rick: Don't worry, Morty, we've dealt with cosmic entities before. We'll handle this one too.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Rick: Alright, Morty, we're back in the garage. Let's analyze the data we collected and see if we can pinpoint the source of the narrator's voice.
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Rick, I think I found something. The voice seems to be coming from a parallel dimension. We need to go there and confront whoever's behind this.
Rick: Crap, Morty, you might be onto something. Let's go, but be prepared for anything.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the SimpsonsHouse]
Narrator: Rick and Morty, now in the loungeroom of the Simpsons House, discover the true identity of the narrator.
Rick: Well, shoot, Morty, we're in the Simpsons House. Let's find out who's been narrating our lives.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Rick, look! It's Homer Simpson, holding a microphone!
Rick: Homer, you frickin' prankster! What's the big idea narrating our adventures?
Homer: D'oh! Sorry, guys. I just thought it would be funny to mess with you. My bad.
Rick: Well, crap, Homer. You scared the crap out of us. Cut it out next time, alright?
Homer: Sure thing, Rick. My bad. Can we go have some Duff beer now?
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. This was all just a prank? I can't believe it.
Rick: Morty, sometimes life throws us curveballs. But hey, at least we solved the mystery. Let's go back home and forget about this nonsense.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]