Narrator: Rick can only speak in Mandarin Chinese and doesn't know why, Patrick can translate, SpongeBob knows who is behind it
Narrator: Prompt By: SamB
Rick: Morty, 我能只用中文说话，这是怎么回事？(Morty, I can only speak in Mandarin Chinese, what's going on?)
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Uh, Rick, I don't understand a word you're saying. 
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to Starwars Cantina]
Rick: Yoda, 我只能说中文，你知道怎么回事吗？(Yoda, I can only speak Chinese, do you know what's going on?)
Yoda: Hmmm, understand you not, I do.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to SimpsonsHouse]
Marge: Oh dear, what's happened to Rick?
Morty: He's only speaking in Mandarin, we don't know why.
Homer: Maybe Lisa can help.
Lisa: I can only understand a little Mandarin. We need a translator.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to ShreksSwamp]
Rick: Shrek, 我只能说中文，你能帮我吗？(Shrek, I can only speak Chinese, can you help me?)
Shrek: Donkey, do you understand this?
Donkey: I'm a donkey, not a linguist!
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to Back Alley]
Rick: 该死，我需要找到解决办法！(Damn, I need to find a solution!)
Morty: I think we need to go somewhere else, Rick.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Yard]
Jerry: What's going on here?
Morty: Rick can only speak in Mandarin, Dad. We have no idea why.
Jerry: Well, this is a fine mess. 
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to Patrick's Rock]
Patrick: Hi guys, what's up?
Morty: Rick can only speak Mandarin, Patrick. Can you translate?
Patrick: Sure, I'll give it a try.
Rick: 帕特里克，我只能说中文，你知道怎么回事吗？(Patrick, I can only speak Chinese, do you know what's going on?)
Patrick: Rick is asking if I know why he can only speak Chinese.
Morty: Do you?
Patrick: No, but I think SpongeBob might know.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to SpongeBob's Pineapple]
SpongeBob: Hi guys! Patrick told me what's going on.
Morty: Can you help, SpongeBob?
SpongeBob: I think so. Plankton is behind this. He wanted to make Rick speak only in Mandarin so he wouldn't be able to communicate with you, Morty. He thought it would be a funny prank.
Rick: 那么，怎么解决？(So, how to solve it?)
SpongeBob: Plankton has a device that can reverse the effects. Let's go to the Chum Bucket.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Chum Bucket]
Plankton: Fine, you caught me. I thought it was a fun prank. Here, let me reverse it.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Rick: Morty, I can speak English again. Frickin' Plankton.
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. What an adventure.