Narrator: rick has to go to all the neighbours and confess that he is a convicted sex offender
Narrator: Prompt By: Majenko Technologies
Rick: Morty, we've got a problem.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick, what's wrong now?
Rick: We've got to go to all the neighbors and confess something.
Morty: Uh, what? What do we have to confess, Rick?
Rick: Well, Morty, according to this interdimensional law, I've been labeled a convicted sex offender. 
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Wha-what? A sex offender? Rick, that's serious crap!
Rick: It's not what you think, Morty! It's a simple mix-up in the Galactic Federation's database.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. So, what do we do now?
Rick: Well, Morty, we've got to go to all the neighbors and confess. It's the law.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Yard]
Rick: Okay, Morty. Let's start with Jerry.
Morty: Dad, uh, we need to tell you something.
Jerry: What is it, boys?
Rick: Jerry, the Galactic Federation made a mistake and labeled me a sex offender.
Jerry: What the frick, Rick? That's not funny!
Rick: I wish it was a joke, Jerry. But we have to inform everyone. It's the law.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to SimpsonsHouse]
Rick: Bart, Marge, Homer. We have to confess. I've been wrongfully labeled a sex offender.
Homer: D'oh! That's heavy stuff, Rick!
Marge: Oh my, that's quite a situation.
Bart: Dude, that sucks!
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to ShreksSwamp]
Rick: Shrek, Donkey. Listen, there's been a mix-up. I've been labeled a sex offender.
Shrek: Well, that's a load of crap, Rick!
Donkey: Man, that's messed up!
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to Starwars Cantina]
Rick: Yoda, Jar Jar. Got some news. I've been labeled a sex offender.
Yoda: Disturbing, this is.
Jar Jar: Mesa thinks that's bad bombad, Rick!
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to Back Alley]
Rick: Well, Morty, that's it. We've told everyone.
Morty: Uh, Rick, this was really humiliating.
Rick: It sure was, Morty. But we did what we had to do. Now let's get back to the garage and fix this crap.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Rick: Wubba lubba dub dub, Morty! We did it!
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. I hope we don't have to do that again.
Rick: Don't worry, Morty. I'll get this sorted out. I promise.