Narrator: Rick and morty fight batman
Narrator: Prompt By: me
Rick: Morty, get over here! I've got a plan.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick, what's going on now?
Rick: We're about to have a run-in with the Dark Knight himself, Morty. I've discovered a portal that leads us straight into Gotham City.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Are you serious, Rick? We're going up against Batman? That's insane!
Rick: Insane? Morty, I've fought interdimensional beings, aliens, and even a talking pickle. Batman is just a guy in a bat suit. We'll be fine.
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: I don't know, Rick. Batman is a highly trained superhero. We don't stand a chance against him.
Rick: Morty, you underestimate our brilliance. I've created a device that will neutralize Batman's gadgets. We'll level the playing field.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Alright, Rick. But if things go south, I'm blaming you.
Rick: Fair enough, Morty. Now, let's enter the portal to Gotham City and show Batman what we're made of!
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to Gotham City]
Rick: Frick, Morty. Look at this place. It's dark and gloomy.
Morty: Yeah, Rick. It's like we stepped into a Tim Burton movie.
Rick: Alright, Morty. We need to find Batman and confront him. Keep your guard up.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Uh, Rick, what's that noise?
Rick: It sounds like a bat signal, Morty. Batman must be nearby. Let's follow the sound and see what he's up to.
[Rick and Morty follow the sound of the bat signal]
Batman: I've been expecting you, Rick and Morty.
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Shoot, it's Batman! What do we do, Rick?
Rick: Don't worry, Morty. Activate the gadget neutralizer.
[Morty activates the gadget neutralizer]
Batman: Impressive, but it won't be enough to defeat me.
Rick: We'll see about that, Batman. Prepare to be outsmarted.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. He's got all these gadgets and stuff.
Rick: Morty, gadgets can't save you from a genius mind. Watch and learn.
[Rick and Batman engage in a battle of wits and intellect]
Batman: You may be smart, but I've trained for years to take down criminals like you.
Rick: Crap, Morty. This guy is good. We need to think fast.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Uh, Rick, I have an idea. What if we use the portal gun to create a distraction?
Rick: Morty, that's actually not a bad idea. Let's give it a shot.
[Rick and Morty create a portal as a distraction]
Batman: What is this sorcery?
Rick: Sorry, Batman. We've got places to be. Catch you on the flip side.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Morty: Phew, that was intense. I can't believe we just fought Batman.
Rick: Yeah, Morty. We showed him that even the smartest man in the multiverse can outsmart the Caped Crusader.
Morty: I guess you're right, Rick. But let's not mess with any more superheroes, okay?