Narrator: Rick and morty talk about how fat youtube chats mum is
Narrator: Prompt By: me
Rick: Morty, come here, I found something interesting on the interdimensional internet.

[Morty walks to Rick]

Morty: Aww jeez, Rick, what is it this time?

Rick: Take a look at this, Morty. It's a live stream of YouTube comments.

[Morty walks to Center Stage]

Morty: Uh, Rick, YouTube comments? What's so special about them?

Rick: Well, Morty, these comments are a prime example of human stupidity and ignorance. It's fascinating to see how people argue over the dumbest things.

[Morty walks to Workbench]

Morty: I don't know, Rick. It seems like a waste of time to me.

Rick: Oh, Morty, you underestimate the entertainment value of internet trolls. Look at this comment: "Your mom is so fat, she has her own gravitational pull!"

[Morty walks to Rick]

Morty: Frick, Rick! That's mean! We shouldn't make fun of people's appearances.

Rick: Relax, Morty, it's just a joke. People on the internet love to hide behind their screens and say whatever they want. It's all a big virtual crapshow.

[Morty walks to Center Stage]

Morty: I don't know, Rick. It still feels wrong.

Rick: Shoot, Morty, lighten up! These internet comments are like a reflection of society's dark side. It's like a digital version of the cantina in Star Wars.

[Morty walks to Workbench]

Morty: The cantina from Star Wars? What do you mean, Rick?

Rick: Well, Morty, just like in the cantina, you have all sorts of weird and questionable characters interacting with each other. It's a hive of scum and villainy, except it's all happening in the virtual world.

[Morty walks to Rick]

Morty: I guess I can see your point, Rick. But it still feels wrong to laugh at someone's expense.

Rick: Look, Morty, humor is subjective. What might be offensive to some could be hilarious to others. It's all about perspective.

[Morty walks to Center Stage]

Morty: I guess you're right, Rick. But still, I think we should focus on more meaningful things.

Rick: Meaningful things? Morty, we're talking about YouTube comments here. It's the epitome of mindless entertainment.

[Morty walks to Workbench]

Morty: I know, Rick, but maybe we should use our intellect for something more productive.

Rick: Morty, I've traveled to countless dimensions and encountered all sorts of bizarre creatures. Trust me, YouTube comments are the least of our worries.

[Morty walks to Rick]

Morty: Alright, Rick, I guess you have a point. Let's just leave the internet trolls to their own devices.

Rick: That's the spirit, Morty! Now let's go explore some other dimensions and find something more interesting than fat jokes.

[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Yard]

Rick: Crap, Morty, we just went outside our house again.

Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. Can't we just stay in one place for once?

Rick: Morty, the universe is vast and full of wonders. We can't stay cooped up in the garage forever. Adventure awaits us!

Morty: I know, I know, Rick. But sometimes I just want a little peace and quiet.

Rick: Well, Morty, peace and quiet is overrated. Let's go find some interdimensional chaos instead!

[Morty walks to Center Stage]

Morty: Uh, Rick, are you sure that's a good idea?

Rick: Morty, when has chaos ever let us down? Embrace the madness!

[Morty walks to Workbench]

Morty: I guess you're right, Rick. Let's see what kind of trouble we can get into this time.

Rick: That's the spirit, Morty! Wubba lubba dub dub! Let's go!

[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]