Rick: Morty, get over here! I've got something to show you.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick, what is it now?
Rick: I've found a way to settle our disputes once and for all. With a good ol' fashioned brawl.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: You want to fight me, Rick? That's your solution?
Rick: Not a physical fight, Morty. A battle of wits.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: A battle of wits? I don't know, Rick. That sounds dangerous.
Rick: Oh, it's dangerous alright. But it's the only way to settle this.
[Rick walks to Workbench]
Rick: Alright, Morty, prepare yourself. This isn't going to be easy.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to ShreksSwamp]
Shrek: What are you doing in my swamp?
Rick: We're here to have a battle of wits, Shrek. You're welcome to join.
Shrek: I don't know about that, Rick. Sounds like a lot of work.
Donkey: I'll join in, Rick! I've got plenty of wits to spare!
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. Are we really doing this?
Rick: Absolutely, Morty. Now, let's get started. The first one to make a mistake loses.
Donkey: Alright, I'm ready. Let's do this!
Shrek: I'll sit this one out. I'm not much for battles of wits.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Rick: Well, Morty, it looks like you won that one. But don't get too comfortable. The next round will be tougher.
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. I'm not sure I'm cut out for this.
Rick: Nonsense, Morty. You're doing great. Now, let's go to the next location.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to SimpsonsHouse]
Homer: D'oh! What are you doing in my house?
Rick: We're having a battle of wits, Homer. Care to join?
Homer: Battle of what now? I'm just trying to watch my show.
Marge: Oh, Homer, let them have their fun. It's nice to see them getting along.
Bart: I'll join in, Rick! I'm always up for a challenge.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Rick: Well, Morty, it looks like you won again. But don't get too excited. The final round is going to be a doozy.
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. I don't know if I can handle another round.
Rick: Too bad, Morty. You're in this until the end. Now let's go!
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to Starwars Cantina]
Yoda: Hmm, what brings you here, Rick and Morty?
Rick: We're having a battle of wits, Yoda. Care to join?
Yoda: No, I think not. I have seen enough battles in my time.
Jar Jar Binks: Meesa join, Rick! Meesa got lots of wits!
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Rick: Well, Morty, you did it. You won the battle of wits.
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. I can't believe it. I actually won!
Rick: Yes, Morty, you won. But remember, it's not about winning or losing. It's about the journey.
Morty: Yeah, yeah, I know, Rick. But it still feels good to win.
Rick: Wubba lubba dub dub, Morty! That's the spirit!