Narrator: Rick and Morty try to go on an adventure but the narrator keeps singing Blackpink lyrics
Narrator: Prompt By: Grumulon Games
Rick: Morty, I've got a new formula I need to test out. 
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Oh man, Rick, what is it this time?
Rick: It's a serum that should allow us to understand any language, Morty. Even alien ones. 
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: That sounds really cool, Rick. But, uh, are you sure it's safe?
Rick: Safe, Morty? Since when have we ever been safe?
Narrator: (singing) "Hit you with that ddu-du ddu-du du!"

[Rick and Morty enter the portal to ShreksSwamp]
Rick: Well, here we are Morty. Let's see if we can understand Shrek and Donkey now.
Shrek: Oi, what are you two doing in me swamp?
Morty: Holy crap, Rick! It works! I can understand Shrek!
Narrator: (singing) "Blackpink in your area!"

[Rick and Morty enter the portal to Starwars Cantina]
Yoda: Welcome, you are. Speak, we can?
Rick: Yes, Yoda. We can understand you thanks to my genius.
Narrator: (singing) "Ain't no running from this love, they call me when they want some!"

[Rick and Morty enter the portal to SimpsonsHouse]
Homer: D'oh! What are you two doing in my house?
Morty: This is amazing, Rick! I can understand Homer, too!
Narrator: (singing) "I may not be nice, but I'm priceless, I mean it!"

[Rick and Morty enter the portal to Back Alley]
Rick: Well, Morty. It seems like the serum works. We can understand everyone.
Morty: Yeah, Rick. But can we do something about the singing narrator?
Rick: I'm afraid not, Morty. We'll just have to endure it.
Narrator: (singing) "I'm a shining solo!"

[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Rick: Well, Morty, that's enough adventuring for one day.
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. I'm just glad we're back home. 
Rick: Wubba lubba dub dub, Morty! Another successful adventure!
Narrator: (singing) "Can't you see that boy? I'm the one who's gonna take your heart!"
Morty: Frick, Rick! Can't you make a serum to shut the narrator up?
Rick: I'll work on it, Morty. I'll work on it.