Narrator: rick fights the narrator
Narrator: Prompt By: llamaninja_
Rick: Alright, Morty, get ready for the fight of your life!
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Wait, what? Who are we fighting, Rick?
Rick: We're not fighting anyone, Morty. We're fighting the narrator!
Morty: The narrator? But, Rick, the narrator is just a voice. How can we fight that?
Rick: Morty, I've got a plan. We're gonna use our portal guns to find the narrator and give them a piece of our minds!
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Uh, Rick, I don't know about this. It sounds dangerous.
Rick: Dangerous? Morty, this is gonna be fun! We'll show that narrator who's in charge here!
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Alright, Rick, if you say so. Let's do it!
Rick: That's the spirit, Morty! Grab your portal gun and let's go!
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Alright, Rick, I'm ready. Let's find that narrator and give 'em a piece of our minds!
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Yard]
Rick: Frick, Morty, this is gonna be epic! We're gonna take down the narrator once and for all!
Morty: Yeah, Rick, but how do we even find the narrator? They're just a voice!
Rick: Don't worry, Morty. I've created a device that can track the narrator's frequency. We'll be able to pinpoint their location in no time!
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Whoa, Rick, that's amazing! How did you come up with that?
Rick: Oh, you know, Morty. Just a little bit of genius mixed with a whole lot of boredom.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Alright, Rick, let's find that narrator and teach 'em a lesson!
Rick: That's the spirit, Morty! Let's go kick some narrating butt!
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Rick: Alright, Morty, the device is picking up the narrator's frequency. They're somewhere in this garage!
Morty: Well, what are we waiting for, Rick? Let's find 'em!
Rick: Hold on, Morty. We need a plan. We can't just charge in blindly.
Morty: Alright, Rick, what's the plan?
Rick: We'll split up and search for the narrator. Once we find 'em, we'll corner 'em and give 'em a taste of our portal guns!
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Alright, Rick, I'll search over here. You search over there. Let's catch that narrator!
Rick: That's the spirit, Morty! Let's show 'em who's boss!
[Rick and Morty search for the narrator in the Garage]
Narrator: Uh, hey guys, what are you doing?
Rick: Shoot, Morty, we found the narrator!
Morty: Yeah, but what do we do now, Rick?
Rick: We fight, Morty! We fight like there's no tomorrow!
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Alright, Rick, let's do this!
[Rick and Morty engage in an epic battle with the narrator]
Rick: Take that, you meddling voice! And that!
Morty: Yeah, and this! We won't be controlled by you anymore!
Narrator: Hey, wait a minute! I'm just doing my job here!
Rick: Well, your job is about to get a whole lot harder, narrator!
Morty: Yeah, you better watch out!
[Rick and Morty continue to fight the narrator with determination]
Narrator: Alright, alright! I surrender! Just please stop hitting me!
Rick: That's right, narrator. You better stay out of our way from now on!
Morty: Yeah, we're the ones in control here!
Narrator: Fine, fine! I'll stay out of it. Just please stop hurting me!
Rick: Alright, Morty, I think we've made our point. Let's call it a day.
Morty: Yeah, I think we've shown the narrator who's boss.
[Rick and Morty stop fighting and exit the Garage]
Rick: Well, Morty, that was one heck of a fight. We sure showed that narrator who's in charge!
Morty: Yeah, Rick, but I can't help but feel bad for the narrator. They were just doing their job.
Rick: Nah, Morty, don't feel bad. They'll think twice before messing with us again!
Morty: I guess you're right, Rick. Let's go home and relax.
Rick: Sounds like a plan, Morty. Let's go!
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Yard]