Narrator: Rick and Morty launch an assault on code bullet's house
Narrator: Prompt By: Luke Storm
Rick: Morty, get your butt over here, we're going on an adventure!
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Uh, Rick, what is it now?
Rick: We're going to assault Code Bullet's house, Morty. 
Morty: Code Bullet? The YouTuber?
Rick: That's the one, Morty. We're going to mess with his coding setup.
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Uh, Rick, is that even legal?
Rick: Legal? Morty, we're interdimensional travelers. We don't abide by Earth laws.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Re, really Rick? Are you sure about this?
Rick: Absolutely, Morty. Now, let's get going.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to Back Alley]
Rick: Okay, Morty, here we are. Just around the corner is Code Bullet's house.
Morty: Uh, Rick, I'm not so sure about this.
Rick: Don't be a wuss, Morty. Let's do this.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to Code Bullet's House]
Rick: Look at this, Morty. All this fancy coding equipment.
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. This feels wrong.
Rick: Nonsense, Morty. Let's show him what real coding looks like.
[Rick walks to Workbench]
Rick: Wubba lubba dub dub! Let's mess with his code!
Morty: Uh, Rick, I don't know anything about coding.
Rick: Just follow my lead, Morty.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Rick: Okay, Morty, start typing.
Morty: Uh, okay, Rick.
[Rick and Morty start typing]
Narrator: Rick and Morty start messing with Code Bullet's coding setup, causing chaos in his programs.
Rick: Ha! Take that, Code Bullet!
Morty: Uh, Rick, I think we should go now.
Rick: Good thinking, Morty. Let's get out of here.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Rick: Well, Morty, that was a successful operation.
Morty: I guess so, Rick. But I still feel bad about it.
Rick: Don't be such a downer, Morty. We're just having a bit of fun.
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. I hope we didn't cause too much damage.
Rick: Don't worry, Morty. Code Bullet will figure it out. He's a smart guy.
Morty: Yeah, I guess you're right, Rick.
Rick: Now, let's celebrate with some quantum cheese!
[Rick walks to Workbench]
Rick: Wubba lubba dub dub, Morty!
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. You're unbelievable.