Narrator: Rick and morty rap godzilla by eminem and juice wrld while on space drug called nope
Narrator: Prompt By: me
Rick: Morty, I've got something special for us today. I've synthesized a new space drug called N-I-D-D-E-R. It's gonna blow your mind, Morty!

[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. Are you sure this stuff is safe? I don't want to end up like those aliens from that one episode.

Rick: Relax, Morty. I've tested it on myself, and I'm still here. Plus, it enhances your musical abilities. We're gonna rap like never before!

[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Alright, Rick. Let's give it a shot. But if anything goes wrong, I'm blaming you.

Rick: Fair enough, Morty. Let's do this. [Rick and Morty take N-I-D-D-E-R]

[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Yard]

Rick: Morty, I feel... I feel the beat flowing through me. It's like I'm one with the rhythm.

Morty: Whoa, Rick! I feel it too! It's like I can rap for days!

Rick: Alright, Morty. Let's show the world what we're made of. Hit it!

[Rick and Morty start rapping "Godzilla" by Eminem and Juice WRLD]

Rick: I can spit it fast, I'm a lyrical genius,
Morty: Uh, uh, Rick, this beat is frickin' meanest!

Rick: Shootin' fireballs like a monster, Godzilla,
Morty: Crap, I'm keeping up, Rick, I'm a rap thriller!

Rick: We're the dynamic duo, unstoppable and fierce,
Morty: Aw jeez, Rick, this N-I-D-D-E-R is like a musical pierce!

Rick: Faster than a cheetah, smoother than silk,
Morty: We're rapping so fast, we're faster than milk!

Rick: Wubba lubba dub dub, Morty, we're on fire,
Morty: This rap game is our desire!

Rick: We're the rap gods, Morty, bow down to our flow,
Morty: Rick and Morty, unstoppable, yo!

[Rick and Morty finish rapping]

Rick: That was incredible, Morty! We just killed it!

Morty: Yeah, Rick! That was insane! I never knew we had it in us!

[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]

Rick: Morty, that N-I-D-D-E-R is some serious stuff. We should patent it and sell it to the intergalactic music industry.

Morty: I don't know, Rick. It's pretty intense. We don't want to cause any interdimensional rap wars or something.

Rick: Aw, come on, Morty. Where's your sense of adventure? Plus, we could make some serious cash!

Morty: Alright, Rick. But let's make sure we're responsible with it. We don't want to mess up the multiverse.

Rick: Don't worry, Morty. I'll handle everything. Just leave it to me, the rap god, and the genius scientist.

Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. I hope this doesn't end up like that time we became famous rock stars and destroyed an entire planet.

Rick: Nah, Morty. That was just a minor setback. This time, we'll conquer the rap game, and the universe will bow down to our beats!

Morty: Alright, Rick. Let's do it. But remember, no interdimensional rap wars!

Rick: Deal, Morty. Now let's get to work. We've got a universe to conquer!