Narrator: rick and morty saying entertainment each other
Narrator: Prompt By: Mehmet Fırat Aydın
Rick: Morty, I'm bored. Let's find something to entertain ourselves.

[Morty walks to Rick]

Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. What do you have in mind?

Rick: Well, Morty, how about we have a good old-fashioned game of interdimensional hide and seek?

[Morty walks to Center Stage]

Morty: Interdimensional hide and seek? That sounds intense, Rick.

Rick: You bet your sweet butt it is, Morty. We'll use our portal gun to hide in different dimensions, and the other person has to find them.

[Morty walks to Workbench]

Morty: Alright, Rick. I'm up for the challenge. Let's do this!

Rick: Excellent, Morty. I'll go first. You have 60 seconds to find me.

[Rick walks to Morty]

Rick: Ready or not, here I come!

[Rick and Morty enter the portal to SimpsonsHouse]

Homer: D'oh! Who are you guys?

Rick: Relax, Homer. We're just here to play a little game of hide and seek.

Morty: Yeah, Homer. We're looking for Rick. Have you seen him?

Homer: Rick? Oh, that crazy scientist guy? Yeah, he's hiding in the kitchen. Good luck finding him!

[Rick and Morty enter the portal to ShreksSwamp]

Shrek: Well, well, well. Look who's trespassing in my swamp.

Rick: Easy there, Shrek. We're just playing a game. Have you seen Morty?

Donkey: Hey, Rick! Morty's hiding behind that big tree over there!

Morty: Shoot, Shrek! Donkey just gave away my hiding spot!

[Rick and Morty enter the portal to Starwars Cantina]

Yoda: Hmmm, visitors you are. What brings you to the cantina?

Rick: We're playing hide and seek, Yoda. Any idea where Morty might be hiding?

Jar Jar Binks: Mesa seen Morty, mesa did! Hesa behind the bar, Rick!

Morty: Crap, Yoda! Jar Jar just blew my cover!

[Rick and Morty enter the portal to Back Alley]

Rick: Alright, Morty. This is the final dimension. Where could you be hiding?

Morty: Uh, uh, Rick. I'm right here, behind this dumpster!

Rick: Found you, Morty! You're not the best at hiding, are you?

Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. I guess not. You win this round.

Rick: That's right, Morty. I'm the hide and seek champion of the multiverse!

Morty: Yeah, yeah, whatever, Rick. Can we go back to doing something normal now?

Rick: Normal? Morty, where's the fun in that? Adventure is what keeps us entertained!

[Morty walks to Rick]

Morty: I know, Rick. But sometimes I just want a break from all the craziness.

Rick: Well, Morty, we can always find a balance. How about we go watch some interdimensional TV?

Morty: That sounds good, Rick. Let's go relax and enjoy some mindless entertainment.

[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]