Narrator: Rick and morty fight batman
Narrator: Prompt By: me
Rick: Morty, get your sorry butt over here! We've got a situation!
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick, what's going on now?
Rick: It seems like Batman has crossed dimensions and ended up in our garage, Morty!
Morty: Batman? Seriously, Rick? What's he doing here?
Rick: I don't know, Morty, but he's causing a ruckus! We need to take him down!
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: How are we gonna do that, Rick? Batman's a superhero!
Rick: Morty, superheroes are just a bunch of frickin' do-gooders with fancy gadgets. We've got science on our side!
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: But, Rick, Batman's trained in martial arts and stuff. We can't just fight him!
Rick: Morty, have a little faith in your grandpa. I've got a plan.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Alright, Rick, I'm listening. What's the plan?
Rick: We're gonna use the portal gun to create a portal to the Batcave. Once we're there, we'll use our superior intellect to outsmart him.
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Outsmart Batman? That's a tall order, Rick. He's the world's greatest detective!
Rick: Morty, being the world's greatest detective doesn't mean he's the smartest person in the multiverse. We'll show him what real intelligence looks like!
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Alright, Rick, let's give it a shot. But if things go south, I'm blaming you!
Rick: Shoot, Morty, don't be such a wimp. We've faced worse than a guy in a bat suit.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Batcave]
Rick: Well, well, well, Batman. Looks like you've stumbled into the wrong dimension.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Yeah, Batman. You're no match for the dynamic duo of Rick and Morty!
Batman: You think you can take me on? I've defeated villains far more dangerous than you two.
Rick: Crap, Morty, he's got a point. We need to think fast.
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Rick, I've got an idea. Let's use the portal gun to create a portal beneath Batman's feet and trap him.
Rick: Morty, that's brilliant! Shoot, I'm proud of you, Morty.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Thanks, Rick. Now, let's do this!
[Rick and Morty create a portal beneath Batman's feet, trapping him]
Batman: What is this sorcery?
Rick: Science, Batman. Science always wins.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: We did it, Rick! We defeated Batman!
Rick: That's right, Morty. No one messes with Rick and Morty and gets away with it.
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: So, what do we do with him now, Rick?
Rick: We'll leave him here, Morty. Let the other Bat-friends come and rescue him. It'll be a fun surprise for them.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Alright, Rick. Another successful adventure. What's next?
Rick: Who knows, Morty? The multiverse is full of possibilities. Let's go find another dimension to explore!
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. Can't we just take a break?
Rick: Breaks are for losers, Morty. Adventure awaits us! Wubba lubba dub dub!
Morty: Fine, Rick. But can we at least grab some McDonald's on the way?
Rick: Sure, Morty. But only if they have Szechuan sauce.