Narrator: Rick gets scammed with a fake 4090 TI on eBay
Narrator: Prompt By: Doot's Reselling Adventures
Rick: Morty, come here! I just won an auction on eBay for a brand new 4090 TI graphics card!
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick, that's great! Finally, we can upgrade our gaming rig!
Rick: Yeah, Morty, this is gonna be epic. We'll be able to play all the latest games at max settings.
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: So, when is it arriving, Rick?
Rick: It should be here any minute now. I can't wait to get my hands on that sweet, sweet GPU power.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Hey, Rick, have you ever been scammed on eBay before?
Rick: Scammed? Morty, I'm too smart to get scammed. Those idiots on eBay don't stand a chance against me.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: I hope you're right, Rick. We can't afford to waste our hard-earned cash on a fake graphics card.
Rick: Trust me, Morty, this is gonna be the real deal. I did my research, and this seller has a 99% positive feedback rating.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Well, I guess we just have to wait and see then.
Rick: Yeah, Morty, patience is a virtue. But if this turns out to be a scam, I'll hunt down that fricking seller and give them a piece of my mind.
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Easy there, Rick. Let's not jump to conclusions just yet.
Rick: Fine, Morty, but if I get a fake graphics card, I'm gonna be shooting lasers out of my eyes.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Laser eyes? That's not even possible, Rick.
Rick: Oh, it's possible, Morty. Just you wait and see. I'll find a way to make it happen.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Alright, Rick, I'll be on the lookout for any suspicious packages.
Rick: Good, Morty. Keep an eye out for any signs of a scam. We can't let those crapheads get away with this.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: I'm sure it'll be fine, Rick. We just have to stay positive.
Rick: Positive? Morty, positive is for idiots who believe in fairy tales. I'm a realist, and reality is about to slap us in the face.
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Well, I hope reality is kind to us this time, Rick.
Rick: Me too, Morty. Me too. But if it's not, we'll just have to find another way to get our hands on that sweet 4090 TI.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Yeah, I guess you're right, Rick. We always find a way.
Rick: That's the spirit, Morty. Now let's go check the mailbox and see if our dreams have been shattered or not.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Yard]
Rick: Frick, Morty, the package is here!
Morty: No way, Rick. Let's open it up and see if it's the real deal.
[Rick and Morty open the package]
Rick: Crap, Morty! It's a fricking fake! That scammer! I'm gonna blast him into another dimension!
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. I can't believe we got scammed. What are we gonna do now?
Rick: Don't worry, Morty. We'll find another way to get our hands on that graphics card. We always do.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Yeah, I guess you're right, Rick. We'll just have to be more careful next time.
Rick: Exactly, Morty. Now let's go back to the garage and start planning our revenge on that scammer.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Rick: Shoot, Morty. This just means war. We're gonna take down every scammer on eBay and make sure they never mess with us again.
Morty: Uh, Rick, are you sure that's a good idea? We might end up in jail or something.
Rick: Jail? Morty, I'm a genius. I'll find a way to outsmart them all. They won't know what hit 'em.
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Alright, Rick. Let's teach those scammers a lesson they won't forget.
Rick: That's the spirit, Morty. Let the battle against eBay scammers begin!