Narrator: rick becomes the first gay black president
Narrator: Prompt By: Dan H
Rick: Morty, I've got a new idea and we're going to need to head to a new dimension.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Uh, Rick, what's this new idea of yours? 
Rick: I'm going to become the first gay black president, Morty.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick, that's uh, quite the goal. But how are we going to do that?
Rick: With the help of a little dimensional shifting, Morty. Now, let's get going.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to SimpsonsHouse]
Homer: Well, if it ain't Rick and Morty. What brings you to our dimension?
Rick: We're here because I'm going to become the first gay black president.
Bart: That's rad, dude! But how are you going to do that?
Rick: With a little bit of science and a whole lot of charisma, Bart. 
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Uh, Rick, I'm not so sure about this. What if something goes wrong?
Rick: Morty, you need to chill out. Everything's going to be fine.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Rick: Alright Morty, let's get to work. We need to create a dimensional shifter.
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: A dimensional shifter? Rick, that sounds dangerous. 
Rick: Wubba lubba dub dub, Morty! No risk, no reward. 
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. I hope you know what you're doing.
Rick: Trust me, Morty. This is going to be epic.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to Starwars Cantina]
Yoda: Rick and Morty, we meet again. What brings you here?
Rick: I'm going to become the first gay black president, Yoda. 
Yoda: Interesting, this is. How will you achieve this, Rick?
Rick: With the help of a dimensional shifter, Yoda. 
Jar Jar Binks: Meesa thinks that's a bombad idea!
Rick: Thanks, Jar Jar. Now, let's get back and make history.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Rick: Alright Morty, it's time to make me the first gay black president.
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Okay Rick, let's do this. 
Rick: That's the spirit, Morty! Wubba lubba dub dub!
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to SimpsonsHouse]
Rick: I did it, guys. I'm the first gay black president. 
Homer: Well, I'll be! Congratulations, Rick. Here's to making history.
Rick: Thanks, Homer. Now, let's celebrate with some Duff beer.
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. You really did it. 
Rick: Of course, Morty. I'm Rick frickin' Sanchez.