Narrator: Rick tries to use VIM but doesn't know how to get out of it and back to the terminal prompt
Narrator: Prompt By: vodka
Rick: Morty, I've got this new programming tool called VIM. It's supposed to be the best for editing code. Check it out!

[Morty walks to Rick]

Morty: Uh, Rick, are you sure you know what you're doing? You always get stuck in these things.

Rick: Morty, I'm a genius. I can handle anything. Now watch and learn.

[Rick walks to Workbench]

Rick: Alright, Morty, let's see... I'll just open this Python script here.

[Morty walks to Workbench]

Morty: Python script? What are you gonna do with that?

Rick: I'm gonna show you the power of VIM, Morty. Now, let me just make some changes to this code... 

[Rick walks to Center Stage]

Rick: Shoot, Morty, I think I accidentally deleted a line. How do I undo in this thing?

Morty: Uh, Rick, I think you need to press the Escape key and then type ":q!" to exit VIM.

Rick: Escape key? Type ":q!"? What kind of frickin' interface is this? I just want to go back to the terminal!

[Morty walks to Rick]

Morty: Rick, calm down. Just press Escape and then type ":q!" to quit.

Rick: Alright, alright. Let me try... Escape... ":q!"... crap, it's not working!

[Morty walks to Workbench]

Morty: Rick, maybe you should try pressing Escape, then type ":wq" to save and quit.

Rick: Save and quit? Morty, I didn't even make any changes! This is ridiculous!

[Morty walks to Rick]

Morty: Rick, just try it. Maybe it'll work.

[Rick walks to Workbench]

Rick: Alright, Escape... ":wq"... frick yeah, Morty! It worked!

Morty: See, Rick? I told you it would work. Now, can we please get back to our regular adventures?

Rick: Fine, Morty. Let's go. But mark my words, VIM, we will meet again!

[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Yard]

Rick: Alright, Morty, let's go on an adventure and forget about this VIM nonsense.

Morty: Thank goodness, Rick. I don't think my brain can handle any more code editing.

Rick: Don't worry, Morty. We'll stick to what we're good at - interdimensional chaos and mayhem!

Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. Can't we just have a normal day for once?

Rick: Morty, normal is overrated. Adventure is where it's at! Now, let's go find some trouble!

[Morty walks to Center Stage]

Morty: Alright, Rick. But this time, let's try not to get stuck in any more weird software, okay?

Rick: No promises, Morty. No promises. But hey, at least we'll have some fun along the way!

Morty: Yeah, I guess you're right, Rick. As long as we're together, it's always an adventure.

Rick: That's the spirit, Morty! Now, let's go explore the multiverse and see what trouble we can find!

[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]