Narrator: rick morty yoda and shrek build a ricktanium bomb
Narrator: Prompt By: Nuclear Mayhem
Rick: Morty, we need to build a Ricktanium bomb. 
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Uh, uh, a Ricktanium bomb, Rick? Why do we need that?
Rick: It's not for us Morty. It's for the Galactic Federation. They're trying to get their hands on my portal gun again. 
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: But Rick, isn't making a bomb, uh, dangerous?
Rick: No shit, Morty. But we need help, we can't do this alone.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to ShreksSwamp]
Shrek: What are you doing in my swamp, Rick?
Rick: Hey Shrek, we need your help. We're building a Ricktanium bomb.
Shrek: A bomb? Are you out of your mind, Rick?
Rick: I might be, but that's not the point. Are you in or out, Shrek?
Shrek: Fine, but don't blow up my swamp.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to Starwars Cantina]
Yoda: Hmm, Rick and Morty, I sense trouble.
Rick: You're not wrong Yoda. We're building a Ricktanium bomb and we need your help.
Yoda: Dangerous, this is. But help you, I will.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Rick: Alright, we've got the team. Let's get to work.
[Rick walks to Workbench]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. I hope this doesn't blow up in our faces.
Rick: Quit worrying, Morty. With Yoda and Shrek on our side, what could possibly go wrong?
Yoda: In the force, trust we must.
Shrek: Just don't blow up my swamp, Rick.
Rick: Wubba lubba dub dub! Let's get this bomb built!
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Alright, Rick. Let's do this.
Rick: That's the spirit, Morty! Now hand me that Ricktanium.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Here you go, Rick. Be careful with it.
Rick: Always am, Morty. Always am.
Narrator: As they worked on the bomb, the tension was palpable. But with Shrek and Yoda's help, they were able to complete the Ricktanium bomb without blowing themselves up.
Rick: There we go, one Ricktanium bomb, ready for action. Good work team.
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. I hope we did the right thing.
Rick: Only time will tell, Morty. Only time will tell.
