Narrator: Rick cuckolds homer with marge while bart insults his father
Narrator: Prompt By: Magical Chords
Rick: Morty, get over here! I've got a brilliant idea!
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Oh boy, Rick, what is it this time?
Rick: We're going to pay a visit to the Simpsons' dimension, Morty. I've always wanted to mess with that yellow-skinned family.
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Uh, Rick, are you sure that's a good idea? I mean, they seem like nice people.
Rick: Nice people? Morty, they're just cartoon characters. Besides, I have a plan that involves some classic interdimensional mischief.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Alright, Rick. But please try not to cause too much trouble. We don't want to mess up their world.
Rick: Relax, Morty. It'll be fine. Now, let's create a portal to the Simpsons' dimension.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to SimpsonsHouse]
Rick: Well, well, well. Look who we have here. The Simpsons family.
Homer: D'oh! Who are you guys?
Rick: I'm Rick Sanchez, and this is my grandson Morty. We're from another dimension.
Marge: Oh my! It's so nice to meet you. What brings you here?
Rick: Just some good old-fashioned interdimensional fun, Marge. You know how it is.
Bart: Hey, Dad! These guys look like a couple of losers.
Homer: Bart, be nice! They're our guests.
Bart: Yeah, whatever, you frickin' dork.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Uh, Rick, I think we should go before things get out of hand.
Rick: Nah, Morty. Let's have a little fun first. Marge, why don't you and I take a stroll around the neighborhood?
Marge: Oh, I don't know. Homer, what do you think?
Homer: Whatever, Marge. Just go. I'll be fine here with these losers.
[Rick walks to Morty]
Rick: See, Morty? Homer doesn't even care. Let's go, Marge.
[Rick and Marge exit the room]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. This is getting weird. Maybe we should just leave them alone.
Homer: Finally, some peace and quiet. Now I can watch my favorite TV show.
Bart: Yeah, because you're too lazy to do anything else, you fat crap.
Homer: Why you little... I'll show you who's lazy!
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Rick, I think we've caused enough trouble here. We should go back to our dimension.
Rick: Fine, Morty. Just when things were getting interesting. Let's go.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Morty: Phew, we're back. That was a close one, Rick.
Rick: Yeah, Morty, but it was worth it. We had a little fun and taught those Simpsons a thing or two.
Morty: I guess you're right, Rick. But let's try to be a little more careful next time, okay?
Rick: Sure thing, Morty. Adventure awaits us, but let's not forget to respect the boundaries of other dimensions.
Morty: Yeah, that's a good plan, Rick. Let's keep it in mind for our next interdimensional escapade.
Rick: Wubba lubba dub dub, Morty! That's the spirit. Now, let's go grab some interdimensional snacks.
Morty: Sounds good, Rick. But can we please watch some TV too? I could use a break from all this craziness.
Rick: Of course, Morty. We'll find a nice relaxing dimension to unwind in. Just you wait.