Narrator: rick and homer discuss why they hate the fictional game called “knee gas” furiously
Narrator: Prompt By: Tyler Durden
Rick: Morty, I've got a bone to pick with someone. 
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Uh, who Rick? Is it another one of your enemies?
Rick: No Morty, it's someone who shares my disdain for that godforsaken game, Knee Gas.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to SimpsonsHouse]
Homer: D'oh! This stupid Knee Gas game is driving me nuts!
Rick: Homer, you're preaching to the choir, my friend. 
Homer: Rick? What are you doing here?
Rick: I heard you're not a fan of Knee Gas either.
Homer: That's right, Rick. It's crap! My kids love it, but I just don't get it.
Rick: Same here, Homer. Morty can't get enough of it. It's all he talks about. 
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick, it's not that bad. You just have to get into it.
Rick: Morty, it's a game where you collect virtual gas from virtual knees. It's the dumbest thing I've ever heard of.
Homer: Amen to that, Rick. It's a load of baloney!
Rick: You said it, Homer. It's a frickin' waste of time.
Homer: And don't get me started on the microtransactions! It's a money pit!
Rick: Exactly! It's a scam designed to suck money out of gullible players.
Morty: But Rick, it's just a game. You don't have to play it if you don't want to.
Rick: That's not the point, Morty. It's a symbol of everything wrong with modern gaming.
Homer: Yeah, Morty. It's about principles.
Rick: Wubba lubba dub dub, Homer. You understand me.
Homer: D'oh yeah, Rick. Shoot, we should start our own game. One that's actually fun and doesn't cost a fortune.
Rick: That's not a bad idea, Homer. We could call it... Quantum Cheese.
Morty: Quantum Cheese? That's even dumber than Knee Gas!
Rick: Shut up, Morty. You don't know what you're talking about.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Rick: Now, let's get to work on this Quantum Cheese game, Morty.
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. I have a feeling this is going to be a disaster.
Rick: That's the spirit, Morty. Wubba lubba dub dub!