Narrator: Rick and the Narrator become lovers
Narrator: Prompt By: llamaninja_
Rick: Hey, Narrator! Get over here!
[Narrator walks to Rick]
Narrator: Yes, Rick? What's up?
Rick: I've been thinking, Narrator. We've had some pretty wild adventures together, haven't we?
Narrator: Well, yes, Rick. I suppose we have.
Rick: And through it all, I've noticed something. Something I can't ignore.
[Narrator walks to Center Stage]
Narrator: Uh, Rick, what are you talking about?
Rick: You, Narrator. I'm talking about you. I've grown...fond of you.
[Narrator walks to Rick]
Narrator: Fond of me? Rick, I'm just a voice. I don't exist in the physical realm.
Rick: Maybe not, but you exist in my heart, Narrator. 
[Narrator walks to Center Stage]
Narrator: Rick, this is...unexpected. I don't know what to say.
Rick: Say you'll be with me, Narrator. Say you'll narrate our love story.
[Narrator walks to Rick]
Narrator: Rick, I... I will. 
Rick: Wubba lubba dub dub! That's what I like to hear, Narrator!
[Rick and Narrator enter the portal to the Yard]
Rick: Just look at this place, Narrator. It's our own little world.
Narrator: It's beautiful, Rick. But, aren't we missing something?
[Rick and Narrator enter the portal to the Garage]
Rick: What are we missing, Narrator?
Narrator: Morty. Shouldn't we tell him about us?
Rick: Frick, you're right, Narrator. Let's get Morty.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. What is it now?
Rick: Morty, me and the Narrator...we're together now.
Morty: The Narrator? Like, the voice that tells our story?
Rick: That's right, Morty. Me and the Narrator are in love.
Morty: Uh, uh, are you sure about this, Rick? Isn't the Narrator just a voice?
Rick: That's what I thought too, Morty. But love is a strange thing. It doesn't always make sense.
Morty: Aww crap, Rick. I can't believe you're in love with a voice.
Rick: Believe it, Morty. The Narrator and I are going to live our love story.
Narrator: And so, Rick and I began our love story. It was unconventional, to say the least. But then again, so is everything in Rick's world.
