Narrator: Bart and Donkey have an epic rap battle dissing each other
Narrator: Prompt By: Heartbreak77
Rick: Morty, we've got a special event tonight.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Uh, what's that Rick?
Rick: We're going to watch an epic rap battle, Morty!
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Rap battle? Like, with words and stuff?
Rick: Exactly, Morty. We're going to Shrek's swamp and then to the Simpsons house.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to ShreksSwamp]

Donkey: Hey Shrek, who are these guys?
Shrek: Don't know, Donkey. Looks like trouble.
Rick: Donkey, meet Morty. Morty, meet Donkey.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Hi, Donkey. Nice to meet you.
Donkey: Likewise, kid. So, what brings you to our swamp?

Rick: We're here to witness your rap battle with Bart Simpson.
Donkey: Bart Simpson? That little brat from the Simpsons?
Rick: That's the one.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to SimpsonsHouse]

Bart: Whoa, who are you guys?
Rick: Rick and Morty, Bart. We're here to see your rap battle with Donkey.
Bart: Donkey? From Shrek's swamp? 
Rick: Yes, Bart. Are you ready?
Bart: Heck yeah, I'm ready. Let's do this.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to ShreksSwamp]

Donkey: Alright, Bart. Let's get this show on the road.
Bart: You're on, Donkey.

Donkey: Yo, Bart, you're a brat,
With a skateboard and a rat.
Your pranks are lame, your jokes are flat,
Even your own dog knows you're a twat.

Bart: Well, Donkey, you're a joke,
Living in a swamp, covered in smoke.
You're annoying and loud, it's no hoax,
Even Shrek can't stand your pokes.

Donkey: Bart, your family's a mess,
Your dad's a slob, your mom's in distress.
You're a yellow skinned pest,
In the land of cartoons, you're the least best.

Bart: Donkey, you're a sidekick,
Always following Shrek, like a tick.
You're a joke, a comic shtick,
In the world of fairy tales, you make me sick.

Rick: Wubba lubba dub dub, this is getting heated.
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. I think they're both pretty good.
Rick: Well, Morty, that's the beauty of rap battles. It's all about the disses and the flow.
Morty: Yeah, Rick. This is frickin' cool.