Narrator: Rick and morty go to Australia
Narrator: Prompt By: me
Rick: Morty, get your frickin' butt over here! I've got something important to show you.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick, what is it now?
Rick: We're going on a little adventure, Morty. We're heading to Australia!
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Australia? Why the crap are we going there, Rick?
Rick: Well, Morty, I've heard that there's a portal in the Outback that leads to a dimension full of kangaroo warriors. I want to see if they're as tough as they say.
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Kangaroo warriors? Shoot, Rick, that sounds dangerous. Are you sure it's a good idea?
Rick: Morty, when have I ever let a little danger stop me? Plus, we've got our portal guns. We can always portal out if things get too hairy.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Alright, Rick, let's do it. But please promise me we won't get into any trouble.
Rick: No promises, Morty. Adventure is all about the unknown. Now, hold on tight!
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Yard]
Rick: Frick, we're in the Yard again. Morty, looks like the portal is acting up.
Morty: Crap, we're still in our dimension, Rick. What went wrong?
Rick: Shoot, Morty, I must have miscalibrated the portal coordinates. We're gonna have to try again.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to Australia]
Rick: Alright, Morty, we made it to Australia. Now let's find that portal in the Outback.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Rick, I don't see any portal. Are you sure we're in the right place?
Rick: Trust me, Morty. I've done my research. It's gotta be around here somewhere.
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Well, while we're here, can we at least check out some of the local wildlife?
Rick: Sure, Morty. Just be careful. Australia has some of the deadliest animals in the world.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Deadly animals? Frick, Rick, why did you bring us to this dangerous place?
Rick: Morty, danger is relative. Besides, I've got my portal gun. We can always escape if things get too hairy.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: I hope you're right, Rick. I don't want to end up as crocodile food or something.
Rick: Relax, Morty. We're just here for a little adventure. Now, let's see if we can find that portal.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Rick: Shoot, Morty, we're back in the Garage. I guess the portal to the Outback was a dud.
Morty: Crap, Rick. I was really looking forward to seeing those kangaroo warriors.