Narrator: Rick and morty fight batman
Narrator: Prompt By: me
Rick: Morty, get your ass over here! We've got a situation!
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick! What's going on now?
Rick: We've got some caped crusader wannabe causing trouble in the multiverse! It's Batman, Morty!
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Batman? The Batman? Like, the Dark Knight?
Rick: Yeah, Morty, that Batman. He's been going around, thinking he's the toughest guy in town. Well, I say we show him what real heroes are made of!
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: But Rick, Batman's a legend! How are we gonna take him down?
Rick: Morty, legends are just stories, and I've got a portal gun. We're gonna pay Batman a little visit and give him a taste of our scientific superiority!
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Alright, Rick. But remember, if anything goes wrong, it's on you.
Rick: Frick yeah, Morty! That's the spirit! Let's show Batman who's really in charge!
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to Gotham City]
Rick: Alright, Morty, keep your eyes peeled. We're in Batman's territory now.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Holy crap, Rick! Look over there! It's the Bat-Signal!
Rick: Shoot, Morty! Batman's calling for backup! We better move fast!
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Batcave]
Rick: Well, well, well, Batman. Fancy meeting you here.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Yeah, Batman. We've heard a lot about you. But we're not impressed.
Batman: Who are you two? I won't let anyone disrupt my mission of justice!
Rick: Justice? More like a bunch of bat-crap! We're here to put an end to your vigilante nonsense!
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Yeah, Batman. It's time for you to face some real heroes!
Batman: You underestimate me, fools! I am the Batman!
Rick: Oh please, Batman. We've seen scarier things than a guy in a rubber suit.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Yeah, like interdimensional monsters and giant alien spiders!
Batman: You don't understand the weight of my responsibility. I protect this city!
Rick: Protect? More like control! You're just a control freak in a bat costume!
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Rick, we're running out of time! We need to take him down!
Rick: Morty, hand me the Bat-Anti-Batarang 3000 from the utility belt.
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Here you go, Rick. Let's show Batman what real gadgets can do!
[Rick and Morty engage in a battle with Batman, using their scientific gadgets and outsmarting him at every turn]
Rick: Well, Batman, looks like your reign of bat-terror is over!
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Yeah, Batman. Maybe next time, think twice before messing with Rick and Morty!
Batman: You may have won this battle, but the war is not over. I'll be watching you.
Rick: Yeah, yeah, whatever, Batman. Just remember, we've got a portal gun and a whole multiverse to explore!
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. I'm glad that's over. I don't think I could handle another round with Batman.
Rick: Don't worry, Morty. We showed him who's boss. Now let's get back to our adventures and leave the brooding to the Bat.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Yeah, Rick. Let's go home and forget this ever happened.
Rick: Home? Morty, home is just a concept. We're explorers of the infinite, remember? Wubba lubba dub dub!
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. Can't we just have a normal day for once?
Rick: Normal? Morty, normal is for people who can't handle the awesomeness of the multiverse. Now, let's get going!
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]