Narrator: Rick and Morty imitate microwaves they can only speak using stings of m's an h's.
Narrator: Prompt By: DamiontheSpawn
Rick: Mmmmmmmmmmm, Morty, come here, h-h-h-h-hurry up!
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Huh? What's going on, Rick? Why are we talking like microwaves?
Rick: Mmmmm, Morty, it's an experiment. We're imitating microwaves to see if we can communicate using only "m's" and "h's". H-h-h-h-hilarious, right?
Morty: Uh, I guess so, Rick. But can't we just talk normally?
Rick: Mmmmm, Morty, where's the fun in that? Let's embrace the absurdity of it all. Now, mmmmm, get ready for some microwavable madness!
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Alright, Rick, I'm ready. Let's see what kind of microwave magic you've got in store for us.
Rick: Mmmmm, Morty, prepare to be amazed! I've modified the microwave to create a portal to another dimension. Mmmmm, it's a real game-changer!
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Mmmmm, a portal? That's pretty cool, Rick. But what dimension are we gonna visit?
Rick: Mmmmm, Morty, hold on to your microwavable popcorn. We're going to the dimension of sentient hot pockets!
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Mmmmm, sentient hot pockets? That's frickin' crazy, Rick! Are they gonna try to eat us or something?
Rick: Mmmmm, Morty, don't worry. These hot pockets are more interested in having a heated debate about the meaning of life than devouring us. Mmmmm, it's a thinktank of cheesy goodness!
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Mmmmm, I don't know, Rick. This sounds kinda dangerous. What if they're super spicy or something?
Rick: Mmmmm, Morty, we'll handle them like the seasoned adventurers we are. Besides, I've equipped us with microwave-proof suits. Mmmmm, we'll be hotter than ever!
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Mmmmm, alright, Rick. Let's do this. I'm ready to embrace the microwave madness!
Rick: Mmmmm, that's the spirit, Morty! Let's enter the portal and heat things up!
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Yard]
Rick: Mmmmm, crap, Morty. We're still in our own dimension. Looks like the microwave experiment needs a little more fine-tuning.
Morty: Mmmmm, shoot, Rick. I was really looking forward to meeting those sentient hot pockets. Guess we'll have to try again.
Rick: Mmmmm, don't worry, Morty. We'll get it right next time. But for now, let's go back to talking like normal human beings, huh?
Morty: Mmmmm, thank goodness, Rick. I was starting to get a headache from all the "m's" and "h's".
Rick: Mmmmm, me too, Morty. Lesson learned, huh? Let's leave the microwave madness for another day.
Morty: Mmmmm, sounds good to me, Rick. Let's just stick to our regular adventures for now.
Rick: Mmmmm, agreed, Morty. Adventure awaits us, without the need for microwave imitations. Wubba lubba dub dub!
Morty: Mmmmm, wubba lubba dub dub, Rick. Let's go and see what the universe has in store for us!