Narrator: rick does the thug shaker
Narrator: Prompt By: KodaKid
Rick: Morty, get over here! I've got something to show you!
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. What is it this time?
Rick: Check this out, Morty. I've invented a new dance move called the Thug Shaker!
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Thug Shaker? What the heck is that, Rick?
Rick: It's the coolest dance move in the multiverse, Morty. It's like a combination of hip-hop, breakdancing, and interdimensional swag.
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Uh, I don't know, Rick. I'm not really a dancer.
Rick: Nonsense, Morty! Everyone can dance. Even Jerry can dance, and he's the king of awkwardness.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Alright, Rick. Show me how it's done.
Rick: Alright, Morty. Watch and learn.
[Rick starts doing the Thug Shaker dance]
Rick: Shoot, Morty! Look at me go! I'm shakin' it like a thug from dimension C-137!
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Frick, Rick! You're actually pretty good!
Rick: Of course, I am, Morty. I'm a man of many talents. Now it's your turn. Give it a shot!
[Morty starts attempting the Thug Shaker dance]
Morty: Uh, uh, I don't know, Rick. I feel like a total dork.
Rick: Don't worry, Morty. Just let loose and have fun with it. Remember, dance like nobody's watching!
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Alright, Rick. Here goes nothing.
[Morty starts doing a clumsy version of the Thug Shaker dance]
Morty: Crap, Rick! I feel ridiculous!
Rick: That's the spirit, Morty! Embrace the ridiculousness. Dance like nobody's judging you, even though they probably are.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: You know what, Rick? You're right. This is actually kind of fun.
Rick: I told you, Morty. Dancing is a universal language. It brings joy and laughter to all dimensions.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: I never thought I'd say this, but thanks for introducing me to the Thug Shaker, Rick.
Rick: Anytime, Morty. Now let's take this dance to a whole new dimension. [Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Simpsons House]
Homer: D'oh! What's all this dancing going on here?
Bart: Ay caramba! The Thug Shaker? That's rad, man!
Marge: Oh my goodness! You boys are quite the dancers!
Rick: Wubba lubba dub dub! Looks like we've found some dance partners, Morty.
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. I can't believe we're dancing with the Simpsons!
Rick: Life's full of surprises, Morty. Now let's show them how we shake it in dimension C-137!
[Rick, Morty, Homer, Bart, and Marge start doing the Thug Shaker dance together]
Narrator: And so, in a dimension far, far away from Springfield, the Thug Shaker dance took the multiverse by storm. Even Yoda and Jar Jar Binks couldn't resist joining in the groove at the Star Wars Cantina. Dance battles were fought, friendships were formed, and the Thug Shaker became a legendary dance move across the cosmos. So remember, folks, if life gives you a beat, shake it like a thug!