Narrator: morty teaches rick fun dacts about niger and nigeria
Narrator: Prompt By: me
[Morty walks to Rick]

Morty: Hey Rick, did you know that Niger and Nigeria are two different countries?

Rick: Yeah, Morty, of course I know that. I'm a genius, remember?

Morty: Well, I thought I'd give you some fun facts about them anyway. You know, just to expand your knowledge.

[Rick walks to Morty]

Rick: Alright, Morty, hit me with your best shot. What do you got?

Morty: Alright, so Niger is a landlocked country in West Africa. It's the largest country in that region, but it's mostly covered by the Sahara Desert.

Rick: Sahara Desert, huh? That's a hot one. Literally. Did you know that the Sahara Desert is the size of the United States?

[Morty walks to Workbench]

Morty: Yeah, I did, Rick. But did you know that Niger has some of the world's largest uranium deposits?

Rick: Uranium? Well, shoot, Morty. That's some valuable information right there. No wonder they're sitting on a goldmine.

[Morty walks to Rick]

Morty: And speaking of gold, Nigeria is known as the "Giant of Africa." It's the most populous country in Africa and has the largest economy on the continent.

Rick: Largest economy, huh? Well, crap, Morty. Looks like Nigeria is making some serious moves.

[Morty walks to Center Stage]

Morty: That's right, Rick. And Nigeria is also famous for its Nollywood film industry. It produces more movies than Hollywood!

Rick: More movies than Hollywood? Frick, Morty. Looks like they're giving Tinseltown a run for its money.

[Morty walks to Workbench]

Morty: Absolutely, Rick. And did you know that Nigeria is home to the longest bridge in Africa? The Third Mainland Bridge stretches over 11 kilometers.

Rick: 11 kilometers? That's one hell of a bridge, Morty. I bet it's a great place to escape from traffic jams.

[Morty walks to Rick]

Morty: Yeah, it sure is, Rick. And just like any other country, both Niger and Nigeria have their own unique cultures and traditions.

Rick: Culture and traditions, Morty? You know, sometimes I forget that there's more to the world than just science and interdimensional travel.

[Morty walks to Center Stage]

Morty: That's right, Rick. There's a whole world out there waiting to be explored. And who knows, maybe one day we'll even visit Niger or Nigeria.

Rick: Well, Morty, the possibilities are endless. We can go anywhere and learn about anything. Wubba lubba dub dub!

Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. That's the spirit. Let's keep expanding our horizons and discovering new dimensions together.

[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Yard]