Narrator: A normal episode but every line is passive-aggressive.
Narrator: Prompt By: raul_sr
Rick: Morty, it's so nice to see you finally decided to join me in the garage.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Oh, right, Rick. Because I totally had a choice in that matter.
Rick: Well, Morty, it's just that I thought you might enjoy some quality time with your dear old grandpa.
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Oh, absolutely, Rick. Nothing I'd love more than to spend my afternoon messing with potentially dangerous sci-fi stuff.
Rick: That's the spirit, Morty! So, I've been working on this new invention.
[Rick walks to Workbench]
Morty: Great, another invention. Can't wait to see how this one tries to kill us.
Rick: Now, Morty, don't be so negative. It's just a harmless portal gun.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Harmless, right. Because the last time we used one of those, everything went so smoothly.
Rick: Well, Morty, if you're so scared, we could always stay here and do nothing.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Oh, no, Rick. Wouldn't want to disappoint you by not risking my life for your crazy experiments.
Rick: That's the spirit, Morty! Now, let's see where this portal takes us.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to SimpsonsHouse]
Morty: Aww shoot, Rick. We're in the Simpson's house. 
Rick: Well, Morty, it's not like we haven't been to weirder places.
Homer: Hey, you two. What are you doing in my house?
Rick: Just visiting, no need to get your shorts in a twist.
Morty: Yeah, Homer. We're just here to... uh... borrow a cup of sugar.
Homer: Well, alright. But no funny business, got it?
Rick: As if we would ever cause trouble.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Aww crap, Rick. We're gonna get caught.
Rick: Relax, Morty. It's not like we're stealing the TV.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: That's not very reassuring, Rick.
Rick: Well, Morty, if you're so concerned, maybe you should come up with the plans next time.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Morty: Thank god we're back home, Rick.
Rick: Yes, Morty, because home is definitely where the heart is.
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. Can't we just have a normal adventure for once?
Rick: Normal, Morty? What fun would that be? Wubba lubba dub dub!
Morty: You're fricking insane, Rick.
Rick: And you're just figuring that out now, Morty?