Narrator: Rick and morty fight batman
Narrator: Prompt By: me
Rick: Morty, get your ass over here! I've got a new adventure for us!
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. What kind of adventure is it this time?
Rick: Morty, we're about to have a showdown with Batman!
Morty: Batman? You mean, like, the superhero Batman?
Rick: That's right, Morty. The Caped Crusader himself. But this time, we're going to show him who's the real hero!
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Uh, Rick, I don't know about this. Batman is pretty tough. Maybe we should just leave him alone.
Rick: Leave him alone? Morty, have you forgotten that we're the smartest beings in the multiverse? We can outsmart Batman any day!
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: I don't know, Rick. He's got all those gadgets and stuff. We don't stand a chance.
Rick: Gadgets? Morty, gadgets are for amateurs. We have science on our side. We'll outwit him, outmaneuver him, and show him who's the real hero here!
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Alright, Rick, if you say so. But if anything goes wrong, it's on you.
Rick: Don't worry, Morty. I've got a plan. We'll lure Batman into a trap using a portal to the Batcave. He won't know what hit him!
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Batcave]
Rick: Alright, Morty, let's set up the trap. We'll use a decoy Batmobile to distract him while we make our move.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: How are we going to get a decoy Batmobile, Rick?
Rick: Easy, Morty. I've got a blueprint for a replica Batmobile right here. We just need to gather the materials and put it together.
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Alright, let's get started then. We'll show Batman that we're not to be messed with!
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Rick: Morty, the Batmobile is ready. Now all we need to do is wait for Batman to take the bait.
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. I'm getting nervous. What if he's too strong for us?
Rick: Morty, have a little faith in yourself. We've faced much tougher challenges than Batman. We'll be just fine.
Morty: I hope you're right, Rick. I really do.
Rick: Look, Morty, here he comes. Get ready for the fight of your life!
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Alright, Rick. Let's do this.
[Batman enters the scene]
Batman: What's this? A replica Batmobile? You think you can fool me, Rick and Morty?
Rick: Fool you? No, Batman. We're here to show you that we're the real heroes. Prepare to be defeated!
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Yeah, Batman! We're not afraid of you!
[The fight ensues with Rick and Morty using their science and wit to outsmart Batman]
Rick: Take that, Batman! You're no match for our brilliance!
Morty: Yeah, eat that, Batman! We're the real heroes here!
Batman: You may have won this round, Rick and Morty, but I'll always be watching.
Rick: Whatever, Batman. We'll be ready for you next time!
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Yeah, next time we won't go easy on you, Batman!
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Rick: Well, Morty, that was quite the adventure. We showed Batman who's boss!
Morty: Yeah, Rick. We really kicked his butt. But can we take a break from superheroes for a while?
Rick: Of course, Morty. We can do anything you want. Just remember, adventure awaits us whenever we're ready.
Morty: Thanks, Rick. Let's just relax and watch some interdimensional cable for now.
Rick: Sounds good to me, Morty. Wubba lubba dub dub!
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. You and your catchphrases.