Narrator: all characters must be included and they all hate morty for some reason
Narrator: Prompt By: NIDHU
Rick: Morty, we need to go on an adventure.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick, not another one. Isn't there something else we can do?
Rick: Nope, Morty. We need to get some supplies. And I've run out of my favorite interdimensional beer.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to Starwars Cantina]
Yoda: Ah, Rick it is. Come for more of the galactic brew, have you?
Rick: You know it, Yoda. Morty, grab me a pint.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Uh, sure thing, Rick.
Jar Jar Binks: Mesa not liking this Morty. Him always causing trouble.
Yoda: Agree with Jar Jar, I do. Always in the way, he is.
Rick: Yeah, well, he's my grandson. What can I do?
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Simpsons House]
Homer: D'oh! Not again. It's that annoying Morty kid.
Bart: I think he's cool. He's always getting into crazy adventures.
Marge: Bart, don't encourage him. Morty is a bad influence.
Rick: Morty, grab me a Duff.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Uh, okay, Rick. I'll just grab it and we can leave, right?
Rick: Not so fast, Morty. We've got one more stop.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to ShreksSwamp]
Shrek: Oi, what are you doing in my swamp?
Donkey: Not him again. He's always causing trouble.
Rick: Relax, Shrek. We're just here for some swamp water. Morty, get the flask.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. Everyone hates me.
Rick: Well, Morty, maybe you should try being less annoying.
Morty: That's not fair, Rick. I'm just trying to help.
Rick: Wubba lubba dub dub, Morty! Let's just get what we need and go.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Rick: Alright Morty, we're done. You can relax now.
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. I think I need a break from all these adventures.
Rick: No can do, Morty. There's no rest for the wicked. Now, let's get to work.
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Fine, Rick. But next time, can we just go somewhere where people don't hate me?
Rick: No promises, Morty. But for now, let's just focus on the task at hand.
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. I think I need a break from all these adventures.
Rick: Wubba lubba dub dub, Morty! There's no rest for the wicked. Now, let's get to work.