Narrator: Rick and morty fight batman
Narrator: Prompt By: me
Rick: Morty, get your ass over here! We've got ourselves a Bat-problem!
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick! Batman? Are you serious?
Rick: Yeah, Morty. The Dark Knight himself. He's been snooping around our dimension, and I don't like it one bit.
Morty: What did Batman do to piss you off, Rick?
Rick: He's been trying to steal my portal gun technology, Morty! He thinks he can just waltz in here and take whatever he wants.
Morty: Well, can't we just talk to him, Rick? Maybe he's just misunderstood.
Rick: Misunderstood? Morty, this is Batman we're talking about. He's a vigilante with a superiority complex. He needs to be taught a lesson.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: So, what's the plan, Rick? How are we gonna take down Batman?
Rick: We're gonna use our superior intellect and gadgets, Morty. We'll outsmart him and show him who's the real hero here.
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Alright, Rick. Let's do this. But, uh, what if he's stronger than us?
Rick: Morty, we've faced interdimensional beings, aliens, and even God-like entities. Batman is just a man in a suit. We've got this.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Okay, Rick. I trust you. Let's kick his bat-ass!
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Yard]
Rick: Look, Morty, there he is. The Bat-Douche himself.
Morty: Holy crap, Rick! He's got all these gadgets and stuff. How are we gonna beat him?
Rick: Don't worry, Morty. I've got a plan. We'll use our portal guns to create distractions and confuse him.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Alright, Rick. Let's do this. But, uh, what if he's too fast for us?
Rick: Morty, we've transcended time and space. We can manipulate reality itself. Batman is no match for us.
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Okay, Rick. I'll trust you on this one. Let's show him what we're made of!
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Rick: Frick, Morty! That was intense. Batman put up a fight, but we outsmarted him.
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick! I can't believe we just fought Batman. This is crazy!
Rick: Yeah, Morty. It's just another day in the life of Rick and Morty. We're the real heroes, Morty. Not some guy in a bat suit.
Morty: I guess you're right, Rick. We really are the coolest guys in the multiverse.
Rick: Damn straight, Morty. Now let's go grab some interdimensional pizza. I'm starving.
Morty: Pizza sounds good, Rick. But can we go to a dimension where they have a better crust? Last time it tasted like cardboard.
Rick: Of course, Morty. We'll find a dimension with the perfect pizza. Adventure awaits us, Morty!
Morty: Adventure and pizza, Rick. That's the dream.
Rick: Wubba lubba dub dub, Morty. Wubba lubba dub dub.