Narrator: Rick and morty fight batman
Narrator: Prompt By: me
Rick: Morty, get your ass over here! We've got a problem.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick, what's going on now?
Rick: It seems like Batman has crossed over into our dimension, Morty. We're gonna have to take him down.
Morty: Batman? Are you kidding me, Rick? He's a superhero!
Rick: Superhero, schmuperhero, Morty. We've dealt with worse. We can handle this.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: I don't know, Rick. Batman's pretty tough. He's got all those gadgets and stuff.
Rick: Gadgets, schmadgets. We've got science on our side, Morty. We'll outsmart him.
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Alright, Rick. What's the plan?
Rick: We're gonna need some weapons, Morty. Hand me the laser blaster and the portal gun.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Here you go, Rick. But are you sure this is gonna work?
Rick: Morty, when have I ever let you down? Now, let's go kick some bat-ass!
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Yard]
Rick: There he is, Morty. Batman, prepare to meet your doom!
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Uh, Rick, I don't think this is such a good idea. Maybe we should just talk to him or something.
Rick: Talk? Morty, this is Batman we're talking about. He doesn't negotiate. Now, let's do this!
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Fine, Rick. But if we get our asses kicked, it's on you.
Rick: Wubba lubba dub dub, Morty! Let the battle begin!
[Rick and Morty charge at Batman, but he easily dodges their attacks]
Batman: What do you think you're doing, amateurs? You're no match for the Dark Knight.
Rick: Oh, really? We'll see about that, Bat-brain!
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Yeah, Batman. Prepare to be defeated by the power of science!
[Batman effortlessly takes down Rick and Morty with his martial arts skills]
Batman: Is that all you've got? Pathetic.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Rick: Frick, Morty! Batman is stronger than I thought.
Morty: Yeah, Rick. We really messed that one up. I guess we're not as smart as we thought.
Rick: Hey, don't beat yourself up, Morty. Batman is a trained fighter. We can't expect to win every battle.
Morty: I know, Rick. But it still sucks.
Rick: Look, Morty, sometimes life kicks you in the butt. It's how you bounce back that matters. Now, let's regroup and come up with a new plan.
Morty: Yeah, you're right, Rick. We can't let one defeat bring us down.
Rick: That's the spirit, Morty. Now, let's get back out there and show Batman what we're made of!
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Alright, Rick. I'm ready for round two. Let's kick some bat-ass!
Rick: That's the spirit, Morty! Now, let's go show Batman who the real heroes are!
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Yard]