Narrator: Morty walks to workbench
Narrator: Prompt By: Seshokii
[Morty walks to Workbench]

Morty: Hey Rick, what's all this stuff on the workbench?

Rick: Oh, Morty, I've been tinkering with some new gadgets. Check this out, it's a portal gun upgrade!

Morty: Whoa, really? What does it do?

Rick: Well, Morty, this baby allows us to travel not just to different dimensions, but to specific locations within those dimensions. It's like GPS for interdimensional travel!

Morty: That's frickin' amazing, Rick! How does it work?

Rick: It's quite simple, Morty. Just input the coordinates of the desired location, and boom, the portal will take us there.

Morty: Shoot, Rick, this could be dangerous. We could end up anywhere!

Rick: Relax, Morty. I've fine-tuned the coordinates to only take us to safe and interesting places. No more getting stuck in random dimensions.

Morty: Well, I hope you're right, Rick. Last time we ended up in a dimension where everyone had butts for faces!

Rick: Yeah, that was a crapshoot, Morty. But this time, we'll have complete control over our destinations.

Morty: Alright, Rick, let's give it a try. Where should we go first?

Rick: How about we visit the loungeroom of the Simpsons House? I've always wanted to meet Homer and Bart.

Morty: Uh uh, you mean we're gonna meet the animated characters from the Simpsons?

Rick: That's right, Morty. It's gonna be a real-life cartoon adventure!

[Rick and Morty enter the portal to SimpsonsHouse]

Homer: D'oh! Who the heck are you guys?

Rick: Wubba lubba dub dub! We're interdimensional travelers, Homer. We've come to hang out with you and your family.

Bart: Cool, dudes! Wanna see my skateboard tricks?

Morty: This is unreal, Rick. We're actually in the Simpsons House!

Marge: Oh my, more unexpected guests. Welcome, I suppose. Can I offer you some blue hair dye?

Rick: Thanks, Marge, but we're just here for a quick visit. We'll be on our way soon.

Homer: Hey, you guys got any donuts? I could really go for some right now.

Morty: Sorry, Homer. We didn't bring any donuts from our dimension.

Rick: Alright, Morty, time to head back. Let's see what other adventures await us.

[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]

Morty: That was crazy, Rick! We were in the Simpsons House!

Rick: Yeah, Morty, it was a wild ride. But we're back in our garage now, ready for the next adventure.

Morty: I gotta say, Rick, this interdimensional travel stuff is pretty mind-blowing.

Rick: That's the beauty of it, Morty. The infinite possibilities, the endless discoveries. It's what keeps us going.

Morty: I guess you're right, Rick. Adventure is out there, and we're gonna find it!

Rick: That's the spirit, Morty. Now, let's get back to work. There's a whole multiverse waiting for us.

[Morty walks to Center Stage]

Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. I can't wait to see what's next. Let's go!

[Rick walks to Morty]

Rick: Hold on tight, Morty. The universe is our playground, and we're just getting started.

[They both walk to the Workbench, preparing for their next interdimensional adventure]