Narrator: the narrator is tired of Rick and morty’s shit
Narrator: Prompt By: bladeswin1
Rick: Morty, get your sorry ass over here!
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick, what do you want now?
Rick: Look, Morty, I've invented a new gadget that can turn anything into gold. It's the Goldenizer 3000!
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Goldenizer 3000? Are you serious, Rick? That sounds like a load of crap.
Rick: Oh, it's not crap, Morty. This baby is the real deal. With the Goldenizer 3000, we can turn all our worthless junk into pure gold!
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: I don't know, Rick. This sounds too good to be true. What's the catch?
Rick: No catch, Morty. Just a small side effect. It turns everything within a 10-mile radius into gold as well.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Wait, so you're saying that if we use this thing, we'll turn everything around us into gold? That's fricked up, Rick!
Rick: Come on, Morty, don't be such a wuss. We'll just have to be careful where we use it. Now, help me activate the Goldenizer 3000.
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Fine, Rick. But if this thing turns me into a gold statue, I'm gonna shoot you.
Rick: Oh, Morty, you always exaggerate. Now, let's see if this thing works.
[Rick and Morty activate the Goldenizer 3000]
Narrator: And just like that, the Goldenizer 3000 emitted a blinding light, transforming everything in its path into shiny gold.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Holy crap, Rick! Look at all this gold! We're gonna be rich!
Rick: That's right, Morty. We're gonna swim in gold like Scrooge McDuck. Wubba lubba dub dub!
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: But Rick, what about the side effect? Everything around us is turning into gold!
Rick: Don't worry, Morty. I've got a plan. We just need to create a portal and escape to another dimension before everything is solid gold.
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Another dimension? Are you kidding me, Rick? We can't keep running away from our problems like this.
Rick: Morty, sometimes running away is the smartest move. Now, let's find a dimension where everything is made of marshmallows or something.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Fine, Rick. But if we end up in some messed up dimension, I'm blaming you.
Rick: Blame me all you want, Morty. Just remember, I'm the one who can get us out of any mess we find ourselves in.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Yard]
Jerry: Hey, Rick! What's all this gold doing in our yard?
Rick: Shut up, Jerry! We're in the middle of a crisis here!
[Morty walks to Jerry]
Morty: Dad, just stay out of it. We're dealing with Rick's latest fricking invention.
Jerry: Well, excuse me for being concerned about our yard being turned into a gold mine!
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Aww jeez, Dad. Just go back to mowing the lawn or something.
Jerry: Fine, Morty. But mark my words, one day all this crazy stuff is gonna catch up to you and Rick!
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Morty: Phew, we made it back to the Garage. That was a close one, Rick.
Rick: Yeah, Morty, but we're still stuck with all this gold. I guess we'll have to figure out what to do with it.
Morty: Can't we just turn it back into whatever it was before?
Rick: Nah, Morty. Once it's gold, it stays gold. But hey, at least we're rich, right?
Morty: Yeah, I guess so. But sometimes I wish we could just have a normal, gold-free adventure for once.
Rick: Normal? Morty, where's the fun in that? We're the Smiths, and we're anything but normal. Now, let's go find a way to spend all this gold!
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Alright, Rick. But if we end up in another dimension full of gold-hungry aliens, I'm blaming you.
Rick: Blame away, Morty. Blame away.