Narrator: All characters except Morty speak like Boomhauer from King of the Hill. Morty struggles to understand what anyone is saying.
Narrator: Prompt By: MrRaineth
Rick: Morty, get over here, frickin' pronto!
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick, what's goin' on?
Rick: Look Morty, I've got this new gadget, shoot. It's gonna blow your mind!
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: Uh, Rick, I can't understand a word you're sayin'. Can you slow down?
Rick: Morty, I swear you need to get your ears checked, crap. Anyway, this gadget is gonna revolutionize interdimensional travel.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Interdimensional travel? Frick, Rick, you always get us into some crazy stuff.
Rick: Yeah, Morty, that's the beauty of it. We're gonna explore the multiverse like never before, dang ol' adventure time!
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: I guess if we're gonna do this, we gotta be prepared. What do we need, Rick?
Rick: Well, Morty, we need some portal guns, some alien repellent, and a whole lot of luck, frick. Let's get to work!
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Yard]
Jerry: Hey, Rick, what are you two up to now?
[Rick walks to Jerry]
Rick: Jerry, you couldn't understand what I'm sayin' even if I talked slower than a snail on tranquilizers, crap. Just stay out of our way.
[Morty walks to Jerry]
Morty: Hey, Dad, don't mind Rick. He's always in his own world, frick. We're just gonna do some interdimensional exploring.
Jerry: Interdimensional exploring? Shoot, I wish I could come along. Sounds way more exciting than my boring job.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Dad, trust me, it's not as glamorous as it sounds. You're better off just stayin' here and mowin' the lawn.
Jerry: Yeah, you're probably right, Morty. I'll just stick to what I know, dang ol' lawn care.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Rick: Alright, Morty, let's get these portal guns calibrated and ready for action, frick.
Morty: Uh, Rick, I still don't get how these things work. Can you explain it one more time?
Rick: Morty, I've explained it to you a thousand times, dang ol' portal guns create a rift in the fabric of space-time, shoot. It's like opening a door to another dimension.
Morty: Uh, I think I kinda get it now, Rick. But what if something goes wrong? What if we end up in some dangerous dimension?
Rick: Morty, life is full of risks. We just gotta be prepared for whatever comes our way, frick. And if things get too hairy, we can always portal outta there.
Morty: Alright, Rick, I'll try to keep up. But please, go easy on the technobabble, dang ol' my brain can only handle so much.
Rick: Don't worry, Morty, I'll dumb it down for ya. But remember, in the multiverse, anything is possible. So buckle up and get ready for the ride of your life, shoot!
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick, I hope I don't regret this. But hey, adventure awaits, right?
Rick: That's the spirit, Morty! Wubba lubba dub dub! Let's go explore the unknown, dang ol' interdimensional style!