Narrator: All characters gather together and recreate Among Us, they have to figure out who the Imposter is
Narrator: Prompt By: Sally Trip
Rick: Morty, I've got an idea for a new game we can play.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Uh, sure Rick. What's the game?
Rick: It's called Among Us, Morty. It's all about deception and survival.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Deception and survival? That sounds kind of intense, Rick.
Rick: Don't be a wuss, Morty. It's just a game. Plus, we are going to invite some friends.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to ShreksSwamp]
Rick: Hey Shrek, Donkey, we're playing a game. You in?
Shrek: Sounds like a bunch of crap to me, Rick.
Donkey: I'm in! I love games!
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to SimpsonsHouse]
Rick: Homer, Marge, Bart, game time. You guys in?
Homer: Anything to get out of work, Rick!
Marge: Oh, I don't know, Rick. Is it safe?
Rick: Of course, Marge. It's just a game. 
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to Starwars Cantina]
Rick: Yoda, Jar Jar, we're playing a game. You guys in?
Yoda: Play, I will. Enjoy games, I do.
Jar Jar: Meesa in!
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Rick: Alright, everyone. The game is simple. One of us is an imposter. We have to figure out who it is.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Uh, uh, how do we figure out who the imposter is, Rick?
Rick: By talking, Morty. We discuss, we argue, we accuse. That's the fun part.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. That sounds pretty intense. 
Rick: Wubba lubba dub dub, Morty! Let's get this game started!
[Narrator: As the game starts, everyone starts accusing each other. The tension is high.]
Morty: I think it's Homer. He was acting suspicious.
Homer: Hey, I just wanted a donut!
Shrek: I think it's Rick. He's the one who suggested this game.
Rick: Frick off, Shrek. I'm no imposter.
[Narrator: After much discussion, they vote off Homer. But the game continues. The imposter is still among them.]
Morty: Shoot, we got it wrong. The game's not over.
Rick: That's the fun part, Morty. The uncertainty, the paranoia. It's all part of the game.
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. I don't know if I can handle this.
Rick: Hang in there, Morty. We'll find the imposter.