Narrator: Homer has a stroke and talks nonsense the entire time
Narrator: Prompt By: Justin Sparks
Rick: Morty, I've got something for you.
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Uh, what is it Rick?
Rick: It's a device that can tune into any TV show in any dimension. 
[Morty walks to Workbench]
Morty: So, I can watch any show from any dimension? That's pretty cool, Rick.
Rick: Yes, Morty, but remember, not all TV shows are as innocent as they seem. 
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: What does that even mean, Rick?
Rick: It means, Morty, that we might tune into a dimension where Homer Simpson has a stroke.
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick, that's pretty dark.
Rick: Well, Morty, it's a part of life. Now, let's tune into The Simpsons and see what's happening.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to SimpsonsHouse]
Homer: Blah blah, donut, blah blah, Marge! 
Morty: Uh, Rick, is Homer okay?
Rick: Doesn't look like it, Morty. He seems to be talking nonsense. 
Marge: Oh, Homer, not again. 
Rick: It seems like this is a common occurrence in this dimension, Morty.
Morty: Shoot, Rick, this is kind of sad.
Rick: Yes, Morty, but remember, this is just one of infinite possibilities. Let's go back to the garage.
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick, I feel kind of bad for Homer.
Rick: Don't worry about it, Morty. It's just a TV show.
Morty: I guess you're right, Rick. So, what's next?
Rick: Well, Morty, I think it's time for a little adventure. 
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to ShreksSwamp]
Shrek: What are you doing in my swamp!
Rick: Relax, Shrek. We're just passing through.
Donkey: Well, you can't just waltz into someone's swamp without knocking!
Rick: Aww crap, Donkey, you're right. Sorry for the intrusion. 
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Uh, Rick, can we go home now? This is getting a bit too much. 
Rick: Fine, Morty. Wubba lubba dub dub, I guess we're heading back. 
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage] 
Rick: Well, Morty, that was quite the adventure. 
Morty: Yeah, Rick, it sure was. But next time, can we just watch TV?
Rick: Sure, Morty. But remember, adventure is out there.