Narrator: Rick and morty fight batman
Narrator: Prompt By: me
Rick: Morty, get over here! I've created a portal to Gotham City!
[Morty walks to Rick]
Morty: Whoa, Rick! Gotham City? What are we doing there?
Rick: We're going to settle a debate once and for all, Morty. Is Batman really as tough as he seems?
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. You want to fight Batman? That's crazy!
Rick: Crazy? Morty, it's all in the name of science. Plus, I've always wanted to test my gadgets against his fancy utility belt.
Morty: I don't know about this, Rick. Batman is a superhero!
Rick: Superhero, schmuperhero. Morty, he's just a guy in a bat suit. We can take him!
[Morty walks to Center Stage]
Morty: Alright, Rick. If you say so. But if we get our butts kicked, it's on you.
Rick: Wubba lubba dub dub, Morty! That's the spirit! Let's show Batman what we're made of!
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to Gotham City]
Rick: Alright, Morty. Keep your guard up. Batman could be lurking anywhere.
Morty: This is insane, Rick. We're in Gotham City! I can't believe it!
Rick: Believe it, Morty. Now, let's find Batman and teach him a lesson.
[Rick and Morty walk around, searching for Batman]
Morty: Rick, I think I see something over there. Is that... Batman?
Rick: Finally, Morty! We've found him. Prepare for battle!
[Morty walks to Batman]
Morty: Hey, Batman! We're here to challenge you to a fight!
Batman: So, you think you can take on the Dark Knight, huh? I admire your confidence, but you're outmatched.
Rick: Outmatched? We'll see about that, Bat-dweeb. Morty, attack!
[Morty and Batman engage in a fight]
Morty: Take this, Batman! [throws a punch]
Batman: Impressive, kid. But you're no match for my training.
[Rick joins the fight]
Rick: Oh yeah, Batman? Let's see how you handle this! [shoots a gadget at Batman]
Batman: You two are more formidable than I expected. But Gotham is my city, and I won't let you wreak havoc.
Morty: We're not wreaking havoc, Batman! We just want to prove a point!
Rick: Yeah, we're just testing the limits of your superhero skills, Bat-brain.
[Morty and Rick continue fighting Batman]
Batman: Enough! I've had my fill of your shenanigans. I'll show you what a real hero is capable of!
[Morty and Rick struggle to keep up with Batman's skills]
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick! He's too fast!
Rick: Hang in there, Morty! We can't give up now!
[Morty and Rick fight back with all their might]
Rick: Take that, Batman! And that!
Batman: Impressive, but it's time to end this. [throws a smoke bomb and disappears]
Morty: Where did he go, Rick? Did we win?
Rick: No, Morty. He escaped. But we put up a good fight. I guess Batman is as tough as they say.
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. I didn't think we stood a chance against him.
Rick: That's the thing about superheroes, Morty. They always find a way to come out on top. But hey, at least we gave it our all.
Morty: Yeah, I guess you're right, Rick. It was still pretty cool to fight Batman, even if we didn't win.
Rick: Exactly, Morty. Now, let's head back home and lick our wounds. Another adventure awaits us!
[Rick and Morty enter the portal to the Garage]
Morty: I can't believe we just fought Batman, Rick. That was intense.
Rick: Intense indeed, Morty. But remember, we're the real heroes here. We're the ones exploring the infinite dimensions of the multiverse!
Morty: Yeah, I guess you're right, Rick. We're pretty badass.
Rick: Damn straight, Morty. Now, let's go grab a victory snack from the fridge. All this fighting has made me hungry.
Morty: Sounds good, Rick. But next time, can we fight someone a little less... legendary?
Rick: Sure thing, Morty. How about we take on Aquaman next time? I heard he's a pushover.
Morty: Uh, uh, really, Rick? Aquaman? You're really scraping the bottom of the barrel, aren't you?
Rick: Hey, you never know, Morty. He might surprise us. Adventure awaits, my boy!
Morty: Aww jeez, Rick. Here we go again.